5.6  CPU_ON 

5.6.1  Intended use 
CPU_ON is intended for dynamic addition of cores, for example in secondary boot or hotplug. When an 
OS at an Exception level requires another core, it calls the CPU_ON function, providing an entry point 
address and a context identifier. 
The PSCI implementation provides the necessary platform-specific code to program the power 
controller as required to turn on a core, and then restart its execution at the entry point address. The 
context identifier value must be present in R0, W0, or X0 when the core first enters the return Exception 
level. Section 6.4.1 describes the return Exception level, and section 6.4.3 describes the expected state 
for a core when it accesses the entry point address. CPU_ON and CPU_OFF calls cannot originate from 
the Secure Security state. If a Trusted OS or SP needs to manage the number of cores, it needs to use 
a Trusted OS or SP specific IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED communication with the Normal world to 
achieve its aims.  
A description of the call flow can be found in section 6.1.3. 
5.6.2  Caller responsibilities 
Before a CPU_ON call the following must observed: 
•  CPU_ON must be implemented asynchronously. The mechanism by which supervisory software 
can detect that the core is finally powered up is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. However, the 
provision of caller-specific entry point and context identifier parameters allows the calling 
supervisory software to implement such a mechanism.  
•  The entry point address provided needs to be physical from the point of view of the caller. 
•  The context identifier is meaningful only to the caller. The value is preserved by the 
implementation and presented to the core when it starts up at the return Exception level (section 
6.4). 
CPU_ON can return the following errors: 
• 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if target_cpu describes an invalid MPIDR. 
INVALID_ADDRESS is returned when the entry point address is known by the implementation 
to be invalid, because it is in a range that is known not to be available to the caller. 
Note: Versions of PSCI prior to 1.0 use INVALID_PARAMETERS where INVALID_ADDRESS 
applies. 
•  ALREADY_ON is returned if in the PSCI implementation the core is already in an ON state. See 
section 6.6. 
•  ON_PENDING is returned if a call to CPU_ON on the target core has already been made, and 
the core is not yet ON in the PSCI implementation. See section  6.6. 
• 
INTERNAL_FAILURE can be returned if a core cannot be powered up for physical reasons. 
Examples include lack of power, thermal constraints, manufacturing faults, or reliability reasons. 
•  DENIED is returned if the target core is not available for OS usage due to firmware enforced 
policy. 
5.6.3  Implementation responsibilities: cache management 
For CPU_ON, the PSCI implementation must: 
•  Perform invalidation of caches on boot unless this invalidation is automatically performed by the 
hardware. 
•  Manage coherency. 
