5.18  CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND 

Introduced in PSCI 1.0, this function is optional. 
5.18.1 Intended use 
From the point of view of the caller, this API is equivalent to calling CPU_SUSPEND with a power_state 
parameter reflecting a core powerdown state, as defined in section  4.1. Unlike CPU_SUSPEND, 
however, the power_state parameter is omitted. The actual power state entered is IMPLEMENTATION 
DEFINED.  
In every other way, the semantics are like a CPU_SUSPEND and are therefore primarily described in 
section 5.4. 
The CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND function is optional. The function is meant for systems where all the 
information required to use CPU_SUSPEND, that is the power states and their properties, is available in 
the later phases of boot. In these systems, CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND provides an alternative to WFI 
that can be used during early boot. 
5.18.2 Implementation responsibilities 
The power state into which the platform places the calling core is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. The 
level of coordination that is performed in this power state is also IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. For 
example, if all cores in a cluster call CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND, the implementation can choose to 
power down the cluster. Although the choice of state and coordination are up to the implementation, it 
must not be possible for the platform to enter a thermally critical condition if all cores have entered a 
low-power state as a result of calling CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND. 
5.18.3 Caller responsibilities 
Before a CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND call, the Normal world must observe the following conditions: 
•  The calling supervisory software must have saved all the state it requires to enable resumption 
of operation on reset. The context saved must reflect all caller-visible state that would be lost by 
the core. For more information on the required state following the application of power after a 
CPU_SUSPEND, CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND, or CPU_ON call, see section 6.4.3. 
•  The caller is not required to perform any cache or coherency management. This management 
must be performed by the PSCI implementation. 
•  The caller must not assume that a powerdown state is entered. The actual state used is 
IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED and can be a standby state. In addition, the request might not 
complete due, for example, to pending interrupts. Therefore, the function might return at the next 
instruction, or return at the specified entry point address. If returning at the next instruction due 
to pending interrupts, or because the implemented state is a standby state, the return code is 
SUCCESS. 
•  The caller must be able to handle potential return error codes:  
• 
INVALID_ADDRESS is returned if the entry point address is known by the implementation to 
be invalid because it is in a range that is known not to be available the caller. 
•  The caller must ensure that appropriate wakeup events are enabled to allow resumption from 
that state. 
•  The entry point address provided by the CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND call must be a physical 
address from the point of view of the caller.  
•  The context identifier is meaningful only to the caller. The value is preserved by the 
implementation and presented to the core when it is started up at the return Exception level 
(section 6.4.1). 
•  The power state entered by a CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. The 
caller cannot make assumptions about what the power state might be. Equally, the level of 
coordination with power states in other cores in the topology is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED 
and therefore the calling OS cannot make any assumptions about it. For example, if all cores in 
a cluster call CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND, it is not safe to assume that any core or the cluster will 
be fully power gated. For a given topology node, it is only safe to make assumptions about its 
power state when all children cores been resumed from CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND. When using 
OS-initiated Idle, a simple scheme to prevent errors in idling when cores have called 
CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND is for the OS to consider those as running cores in its last man 
tracking algorithm.  
