5.5  CPU_OFF 

5.5.1  Intended use 
CPU_OFF is designed for dynamic removal of the calling core from the system. When PPF receives a 
CPU_OFF call, it must power down the calling core. 
Unlike CPU_SUSPEND, the call is not expected to return. With this function the calling supervisory 
software is explicitly stating that it will no longer use a core. This situation is only reversed when a 
CPU_ON call is used to bring the core back online.  
CPU_OFF calls can only originate from the Normal world. If the Secure world needs to manage the 
number of active cores, it needs to use Trusted OS or SP specific IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED 
communication with the Normal world to achieve its aims. It must not be possible for Secure world to 
allow a core to be seen as powered up and available by the Trusted OS or SP, while the Normal world 
sees the core as being powered down.  
A description of the call flow can be found in section 6.1.2. 
5.5.2  Caller responsibilities 
Before a CPU_OFF call, the following must be observed: 
•  The calling OS must have migrated all threads and interrupts away from the core that is being 
powered down. Asynchronous wakeups on a core that has been switched off through a PSCI 
CPU_OFF call result in an erroneous state. When this erroneous state is observed, it is 
IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED how the PSCI implementation reacts. Possible actions are: 
•  The PSCI implementation ignores the wakeup and keeps the core powered down. 
•  The PSCI implementation resets the system. 
•  The caller is not required to perform any cache or coherency management. This management 
must be performed by the PSCI implementation. 
•  CPU_OFF can have varying latency in the time it takes to complete, depending on the power 
domain level that is being powered down. The caller must not make any assumptions about 
latency. 
•  A core can only power itself down. 
•  CPU_OFF calls are always platform-coordinated with each other, regardless of the suspend 
mode of operation (platform-coordinated or OS-initiated). That is, if all cores in a topology node 
call CPU_OFF, the last core will power the node down.  
• 
In an OS-initiated mode, CPU_OFF calls are considered to platform-coordinate 
between themselves. If only a subset of cores has called CPU_OFF, an OS-initiated 
OS can assume they have powered down to the highest power level possible. 
Referring to the example system in Figure 4, if all cores except Core 3 have called 
CPU_OFF, the OS can assume that Cluster 0 and Core 2 are in the powerdown state 
and that Core 3 is the last man in the system (and cluster 1). Therefore, in this mode 
the OS could power down the system through a CPU_SUSPEND call from Core 3. 
However, this coordination only works for calls to CPU_SUSPEND that take place 
after calls to CPU_OFF. Coordination in the opposite order cannot be assumed. If, in 
our example, Core 3 was the penultimate core and this called CPU_SUSPEND, and 
Core 2 was the last one, and it called CPU_OFF, Cluster 1 (and the system) would 
not be able to power down. This is because Core 3 would not be a last man, at either 
the cluster or the system level, and consequently it could not request a power state at 
that level. 
• 
In platform coordinate mode, a call to CPU_OFF is consistent with a call to 
CPU_SUSPEND for powerdown at maximum power level. If only a subset of the cores 
in a node call CPU_OFF, the node must only be powered down if the remaining cores 
have called CPU_SUSPEND, requesting a powerdown state at that power level, or a 
power state at a higher power level. 
CPU_OFF can return the following errors: 
•  DENIED, if called on a core where the Trusted OS is resident, see section 5.9.1. 
5.5.3  Implementation responsibilities: Cache and coherency management 
The PSCI implementation must perform a cache clean operation for all the caches present in the nodes 
being powered down. PSCI must also perform any required coherency management. In a multicluster 
implementation, powering down a core typically requires: 
1.  Disabling the data cache to prevent data cache allocation. 
2.  Cleaning and invalidating any caches that are private to the core. This prevents any new data 
cache snoops or data cache maintenance operations from other cores being issued to the core 
that is powering down. 
3.  If the core is the last in a cluster, and the cluster is being powered down, cleaning and 
invalidating any shared caches that are private to that cluster. 
4.  Taking the core out of coherency within that cluster. This is typically controlled by an 
IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED method, for example ACTLR.SMP. 
5.  If the core is the last in a cluster, and the cluster is being powered down, taking the cluster out of 
coherency. 
The operations required depend on the specific cores and topology, as well as any cache coherent 
interconnects that might be in use. For more information, see the Technical Reference Manuals (TRMs) 
of the components. 
