5.13  SYSTEM_RESET2 

Introduced in PSCI 1.1. This function is optional. 
5.13.1 Intended use 
This function provides methods to reset the system. The function describes architectural resets, where 
the semantics of the reset are described by this specification. The function also allows for vendor-
specific resets. As detailed in section 4.4, the reset command applies to the machine view of the calling 
OS. 
Bit[31] of the reset_type parameter indicates whether a reset is architectural or vendor specific. 
When bit[31] has a value of 0, the reset is architectural. A value of 1 indicates a vendor-specific reset. 
5.13.2 Architectural resets 
Bits[30:0] of the reset_type indicate which architectural reset is being requested.  
Table 10 Architectural resets 
Bits[30:0] of 
reset_type 
Description 
0x0 
SYSTEM_WARM_RESET 
0x1-0x7FFFFFFF 
Reserved for future use. 
5.13.2.1 System Warm reset 
This reset is selected when reset_type is 0x0 (SYSTEM_WARM_RESET). 
The function is intended to provide a fast reboot path that guarantees not to reset system main memory. 
This is defined as volatile memory accessible by cores when executing in the calling operating system. 
This definition does not extend to caches or to memory-mapped IO. 
The memory that is to be preserved and not trashed by boot firmware needs to be described by 
firmware table technologies such as ACPI [6] and Device Tree [7] and does not need to cover all 
available system main memory. 
When this reset is selected, the cookie parameter is ignored by the implementation. 
5.13.3 Vendor-specific resets 
Values in the range 0x80000000-0xFFFFFFFF of the reset_type parameter can be used to request 
vendor-specific resets or shutdowns. In this case, the cookie parameter can be used to pass 
additional data to the implementation. 
5.13.4 Caller responsibilities 
The calling OS uses the PSCI_FEATURES API, with the SYSTEM_RESET2 function ID, to discover 
whether the function is present:  
• 
• 
If the function is implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns a value of 0. 
If the function is not implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns NOT_SUPPORTED. 
See also section 5.1.15.  
For architectural resets where possible, cores should be placed in a known state. No specific 
coordination is required between cores. 
For the architectural SYSTEM_WARM_RESET all memory requesters are recommended to be quiesced, 
so there are no active or pending memory transactions on their behalf. This is because it is unknown if 
the implementation can safely reset all active devices in the system while there is ongoing memory 
traffic and chooses a silent fallback to cold reset instead. 
Regardless of the values in reset_type and cookie, a call to SYSTEM_RESET2 returns 
NOT_SUPPORTED if SYSTEM_RESET2 is not implemented. 
For architectural resets, the following errors can also apply: 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS, if reset_type is not a valid value for an architectural reset as 
defined in Table 10.  
Vendor-specific resets can also use other return values. Guidelines are provided in section 5.13.5. 
5.13.5 Implementation responsibilities 
The implementation must ensure that the semantics of the reset are observed. 
For the architectural SYSTEM_WARM_RESET: 
• 
requesters, which can affect the contents of main memory, must be reset. 
•  all CPUs and associated MMUs must be reset. 
•  all interrupts need to be disabled either at the source or at the interrupt controller.  
•  any System Memory Management Units (SMMUs) or IOMMUs need to be reset to a state 
which is identical to that post a cold reset triggered by the SYSTEM_RESET function. 
The implementation can also gather error syndrome information before or after the reset, and prior to 
handing over to the Highest Privilege Exception level.  
Vendor-specific resets might need vendor-specific error return codes. The following requirements must 
hold for vendor-specific error return codes: 
•  The implementation can use the other PSCI error codes that are defined in section 5.2.2, with 
the exception of NOT_SUPPORTED. 
• 
If the error codes defined in section 5.2.2 are not sufficient, the implementation must return 
error codes that are signed integers with a value less than -256. 
