5.20  SYSTEM_SUSPEND 

Introduced in PSCI 1.0, this function is optional. 
5.20.1 Intended use 
In a typical implementation, the semantics are equivalent to a CPU_SUSPEND to the deepest low-power 
state. However, it is possible that an implementation might reserve a deeper state for 
SYSTEM_SUSPEND than those used with CPU_SUSPEND. This function might be used to implement a 
system suspend to RAM, as described by the S2 and S3 states in the ACPI specification [6]. Note that 
entering the system into S2 or S3 carries with it several preconditions. For example, all devices in the 
system must be in a state that is compatible with entry into the system state. These preconditions are 
beyond the scope of this specification and are therefore not described here. The SYSTEM_SUSPEND 
function limits itself to providing the mechanism by which the calling OS can request entry into S2 or S3, 
having met all necessary preconditions. While ACPI distinguishes between two system-level suspend to 
RAM states, S2 and S3, PSCI provides a single API. In practice, operating systems use only one 
suspend to RAM state, so this is not seen as a limitation. Note that this specification is using the state 
definitions of S2 and S3 provided by ACPI but does not limit use of this PSCI function to ACPI-based 
systems. Semantics such as those described for sleep states S2 and S3 are used in non-ACPI based 
systems. 
As is the case with SYSTEM_SHUTDOWN and SYSTEM_RESET, this function applies to the machine view 
that is available to the calling OS. See section 4.4 for more details. 
To use this API, a calling OS must power down all but one core through calls to CPU_OFF. From this 
point on, the remaining core can call SYSTEM_SUSPEND, passing the necessary 
entry_point_address and context_id parameters to enable resumption on wakeup. A calling OS 
can use the AFFINITY_INFO function to ensure that all cores are OFF prior to calling 
SYSTEM_SUSPEND. The core which calls SYSTEM_SUSPEND is the one that resumes execution at the 
specified entry_point_address on wakeup. 
5.20.2 Caller responsibilities 
The caller needs to ensure that every core apart from the one calling is in an OFF state, as returned by 
the AFFINITY_INFO function. The caller must be able to cope with the following error return codes: 
•  NOT_SUPPORTED, if system suspend is not implemented. 
• 
INVALID_ADDRESS, if the entry point address is known by the implementation to be invalid 
because it is in a range that is known not to be available to the caller. 
•  DENIED, if the implementation views a core, other than the one calling, as not being in the OFF 
state. 
Prior to the call, the OS must disable all sources of wakeup other than those it needs to support for its 
implementation of suspend to RAM. The call is equivalent to using the CPU_SUSPEND call for the 
deepest possible platform powerdown state. Consequently, the caller must observe all the rules 
described for CPU_SUSPEND. See section 5.4.  
