              3.11.2.6    PINCTRL_LIST_ASSOCIATIONS
              This command allows the agent to ascertain:
                  • the list of pins associated with a group, or
                  • the list of groups which can enable a function, or
                                                                 T0
                  • the list of pins which can enable a single-pin function.
              On success, the command returns an array, which contains several pin or group identifiers. Sometimes it might not be
              possible to return the whole array with just one call. To solve this problem, the interface allows multiple calls. It also
                                                   BE
              returns the number of remaining pins or groups. The size of the array returned depends on the number of return values
              a given transport can support.
              The pin or group identifiers returned by this call should be in numeric ascending order.
              For an example of using this kind of API, see Section 3.5.6.8.
              A caller can discover if this command is implemented by issuing the PROTOCOL_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTES command
              and passing the message_id of this command. If the command is implemented, PROTOCOL_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTES
              returns SUCCESS.
                  message_id: 0x4
                  protocol_id: 0x19
                  This command is mandatory only if the number of implemented groups or functions is greater than 0.
                  Parameters
                  Name                                    Description
                  uint32 identifier                       Identifier for the function or group.
                  uint32 flags                            Bits[31:2]
                                                          Reserved, must be zero.
                                                          Bits[1:0]
                                                          Selector: Whether the identifier field refers to a group or a function.
                                                              • 0 – Reserved
                                                              • 1 – Group
                                                              • 2 – Function
                                                                All other values are reserved for future use.
                                                                                                    Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                  uint32 index                            Index of the first pin to be described in the return array if the identifier field
                                                          refers either to a group or to a single-pin function only supported by individual
                                                          pins.
                                                          Else it refers to the index of the first group to be described in the return array.
                  Return values
                  Name                                    Description
                  int32 status                            One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                              • SUCCESS: if the group or pin identifiers are returned successfully.
                                                              • NOT_FOUND: if the group or function identified by identifier field does
                                                                not exist.
                                                              • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the request is not supported.
                                                              • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to get the pin or group
                                                                identifiers for this group or function respectively.
                                                          See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
                  uint32 flags                            Bits[31:16]
                                                          Number of remaining groups or pins.
                                                          Bits[15:12]
                                                          Reserved, must be zero.
                                                          Bits[11:0]
                                                          Number of group or pin identifiers that are returned by this call.
                  uint16 array[N]
                                                                 T0
                                                          Array of group or pin identifiers listed in numerically ascending order.
                                                          N is specified by Bits[11:0] of flags field.
