              3.12.6.1    TELEMETRY_UPDATE
              The TELEMETRY_UPDATE notification is sent to an agent which had requested continuous update notifications using the
              TELEMETRY_CONFIG_SET command. The platform might also nominate special agents which receive this notification
              by default since they were auto configured to receive telemetry. The exact mechanism and policy of autoconfiguration is
              beyond the scope of this specification.
              This notification is used as a trigger by the agent to read telemetry data associated with DEs which are enabled and
              available over SHMTIs and FastChannels. In addition, this notification includes multiple telemetry payload lines for DEs
              which are enabled but not available using SHMTI or FastChannels.
              The notification is generated at an average rate no faster than the configured sampling period. The platform is allowed
              to generate the notification at a rate slower than the configured update period if the agent or the platform cannot cope
              with the rate of generation of notifications due to hardware constraints. However, the platform should always provide
              the latest DE values when the TELEMETRY_UPDATE notification is generated. The status field can be used to indicate
              error conditions resulting in non-availability or corruption of telemetry samples. When the platform determines that there
              are certain failure conditions in the sensor itself, such as a fault in the DE hardware or related circuitry or logic, it returns
              HARDWARE_ERROR to report that condition to the caller. The platform returns PARTIAL_ERROR to indicate that some
              of the telemetry data could not be collected.
                  message_id: 0x0
                  protocol_id: 0x1B
                  This notification is mandatory if the platform supports continuous update notifications, as specified by Bit[30] of
                  attributes_1 field of PROTOCOL_ATTRIBUTES command.
                  Return values
                  Name
                                                               T0
                                                      Description
                  uint32 agent_id
                                                 BE   Refers to the agent that caused this event. For the current version of the
                                                      specification, this field is set to 0 to indicate that the platform is the generator
                                                      of all telemetry notification events.
                  int32 status                        An appropriate status code, as described in Section 3.1.4.
                                                      If this field is non-zero, the agent is recommended to ignore the rest of the
                                                      fields in this notification and re-configure telemetry. However in case of
                                                      PARTIAL_ERROR, some data-lines, as indicated by Bit[0] of Line-Metadata,
                                                      might still be valid and therefore consumable.
                  uint32 num_dwords                   The size of the returned array specified in DWORDS, where DWORD is
                                                      defined as 4 bytes.
                                                      The value specified by this field must not be an odd number.
                                                      This field is set to 0 if all the enabled DEs are collected using SHMTI or
                                                      FastChannels.
                  uint32 array[N]                     The returned telemetry payload section. The prologue and epilogue are not
                                                      provided.
                                                      N is specified by num_dwords field.
                                                                                                  Arm® System Control and Management Interface
4 Transports
              Transport describes how messages are exchanged between agents and the platform. The transport should allow
              the agent and the platform to exchange the largest possible message described in this specification. If the platform
              supports messages which return data elements iteratively, like SENSOR_LIST_UPDATE_INTERVALS as described in
              Section 3.7.2.7, the transport should allow at least one data element to be returned.
