                 3.3.2.6   POWER_STATE_SET
                 This command allows an agent to set the power state of a power domain. Power domains can be managed synchronously
                 or asynchronously:
                    • Synchronous Mode
                      A call with valid parameters completes and frees the channel when the domain has transitioned to the desired
                      power state.
                    • Asynchronous Mode
                      The call completes immediately, and the caller can register for notifications if it wishes to observe the power state
                      transition. These notifications are described in Section 3.3.3.1.
                 When this command is used for power domains that include application processors, the Async flag is ignored. This call
                 must return to the calling AP before that AP is powered down. Following this call, the AP executes some instructions
                 before invoking a Wait for Interrupt (WFI) instruction [ARM]. The platform controller that implements SCMI begins the
                 transition to the required power state when it observes the WFI. The method used by the platform controller to observe
                 the WFI is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. For these power domains, this protocol can be used to implement PSCI
                 CPU_SUSPEND, CPU_ON, CPU_FREEZE, CPU_DEFAULT_SUSPEND and CPU_OFF functions.
                 A power domain can contain other power domains. If the caller wants to change the state of a power domain and
                 one of its parents, the power domain parameter must identify the child. The required power state for the child domain,
                 and its parents, must be encoded in the power state parameter. How this is encoded in the power_state parameter is
                 IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED.
                    message_id: 0x4
                    protocol_id: 0x11
                    This command is mandatory.
                    Parameters
                                                                T0
                    Name
                    uint32 flags
                                                  BE    Description
                                                        Bits[31:1]
                                                        Reserved, must be zero.
                                                        Bit[0]
                                                        Async flag.
                                                             • Set to 1 if power transition must be done asynchronously.
                                                             • Set to 0 if power state transition must be done synchronously.
                                                        The async flag is ignored for application processor domains.
                    uint32 domain_id                    Identifier for the power domain.
                    uint32 power_state                  Platform-specific parameter identifying the power state of the domain. For
                                                        device power domains, this parameter is encoded as described in Table 6.
                    Return values
                    Name                                Description
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                    int32 status                        One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                            • SUCCESS: for a power domain that can only be set synchronously, this
                                                              status is returned after the power domain has transitioned to the
                                                              desired state. For a power domain that is managed asynchronously,
                                                              this status is returned if the command parameters are valid, and the
                                                              power state change has been scheduled.
                                                            • NOT_FOUND: if the power domain identified by domain_id does not
                                                              exist.
                                                            • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if the requested power state does not
                                                              represent a valid state for the power domain that is identified by
                                                              domain_id.
                                                            • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the request is not supported.
                                                            • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to set the state of this power
                                                              domain. An example would be if this power domain is exclusive to
                                                              another agent.
                                                        See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
