                 3.4.2.2   NEGOTIATE_PROTOCOL_VERSION
                 This command is used to negotiate the protocol version that the agent intends to use, if it does not support the version
                 returned by the PROTOCOL_VERSION command.
                 There is no limit on the number of negotiations which can be attempted by the agent. All commands, responses, and
                 notifications must comply with the protocol version which was last negotiated successfully. Using protocol versions
                 different from the version returned by PROTOCOL_VERSION without successful negotiation is considered best effort,
                 and functionality is not guaranteed.
                                                                                                      Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                    message_id: 0x10
                    protocol_id: 0x12
                    This command is optional but is strongly recommended to be implemented for platforms that intend to support
                    agents compliant with older versions of this protocol.
                    Parameters
                    Name                                   Description
                    uint32 version                         The negotiated protocol version the agent intends to use.
                    Return values
                    Name                                   Description
                    int32 status                           One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                               • SUCCESS: if the negotiated protocol version is supported by the
                                                                 platform. All commands, responses, and notifications post successful
                                                                 return of this command must comply with the negotiated version.
                                                               • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the protocol version is not supported.
                                                           See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
