              3.7.4.2    SENSOR_UPDATE
              The SENSOR_UPDATE notification is issued by the platform to provide a sensor reading.
              This notification is sent to an agent which had requested continuous update notifications from a sensor using
              SENSOR_CONTINUOUS_UPDATE_NOTIFY command.
              The SENSOR_UPDATE notification is sent only when the sensor is enabled. This notification could be generated at
              every sensor update interval or whenever the sensor values change by a specific margin depending on the sensor
              characteristics.
              The notification is generated at a rate no faster than the configured sensor update period. The platform is allowed to
              generate the notification at a rate slower than the configured sensor update period if the agent or the platform cannot cope
              with the rate of generation of notifications due to hardware constraints. However, the platform should always provide the
              latest sensor values in the SENSOR_UPDATE notification.
              The platform does not need to implement this notification if no sensors support continuous update notifications.
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                  message_id: 0x1
                  protocol_id: 0x15
                  This notification is mandatory if at least one sensor supports continuous update notifications.
                  Return Values
                  Name                                           Description
                  uint32 agent_id                                Refers to the agent that caused this event. For the current version of
                                                                 the specification, this field is set to 0 to indicate that the platform is
                                                                 the generator of all sensor events.
                  uint32 sensor_id                               Identifier for the sensor.
                  SENSOR_READING readings[N]                     An array of sensor readings of format described in Sensor Reading
                                                                 Descriptor, where N is:
                                                                     • 1 for sensors which measure scalar values.
                                                                     • the number of sensor axes for sensors which report values
                                                                       along axes. All axes should be reported in order.
