              3.7.2.12   SENSOR_READING_GET
              This command requests the platform to provide the current value of the sensor that is represented by sensor_id. The
              sensor should be in enabled state before using this command. For synchronous mode of access, the platform provides
              the sensor reading in the response to this command itself. For asynchronous accesses, the platform returns the sensor
              value in the SENSOR_READING_COMPLETE delayed response.
              When the platform notices failure or fault conditions in the sensor or its associated logic or circuitry, it returns the
              HARDWARE_ERROR status. Other errors pertain to the interface itself and are enumerated in Section 3.1.4.
              Agents should assess the sensor attributes to determine the optimal mode of access for the sensor. A slow sensor like
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
              a temperature sensor can be more optimally read asynchronously, while a shared memory-based sensor can be read
              synchronously.
                  message_id: 0x6
                  protocol_id: 0x15
                  This command is mandatory.
                  Parameters
                  Name                                         Description
                  uint32 sensor_id                             The identifier for the sensor to be read.
                  uint32 flags                                 Bits[31:1]
                                                               Reserved.
                                                               Bit[0]
                                                               Async flag:
                                                                    • Set to 1 if the sensor is to be read asynchronously.
                                                                    • Set to 0 to if the sensor is to be read synchronously.
                  Return values
                  Name                                         Description
                  int32 status                                 One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                                     • SUCCESS: if the reading was successfully returned for a
                                                                        synchronous request or if the command was successfully
                                                                T0      enqueued for an asynchronous request.
                                                                     • NOT_FOUND: if sensor_id does not point to an existing sensor.
                                                                     • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if the flags input specifies illegal or
                                                  BE                    invalid settings.
                                                                     • PROTOCOL_ERROR: if the command is used to read updates
                                                                        from a disabled sensor.
                                                               See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
                                                               If this is an asynchronous call, then the returned status code pertains to
                                                               this command itself, and any error that occurs during the actual sensor
                                                               read operation is reported subsequently with the
                                                               SENSOR_READING_COMPLETE delayed response.
                  SENSOR_READING readings[N]                   An array of sensor readings of format described in Sensor Reading
                                                               Descriptor, where N is:
                                                                   • 1 for sensors which measure scalar values.
                                                                   • the number of sensor axes for sensors which report values along
                                                                     axes. All axes should be reported in order.
              Sensor Reading Descriptor
              The SENSOR_READING structure provides the sensor readings and the timestamp when they were collected.
                  int32 sensor_value_low                             Lower 32 bits of the sensor value. This value is invalid if an error
                                                                     status is returned.
                  int32 sensor_value_high                            Higher 32 bits of the sensor value. This value is invalid if an error
                                                                     status is returned.
                  uint32 timestamp_low                               Lower 32 bits of the timestamp when the sample was captured. If
                                                                     no timestamp is collected, this field should be set to 0.
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                  uint32 timestamp_high                              Higher 32 bits of the timestamp when the sample was captured. If
                                                                     no timestamp is collected, this field should be set to 0.
