              3.8.2.6    RESET
              This command allows an agent to reset the specified reset domain. If the reset request is issued as an asynchronous call,
              the platform must return immediately upon receipt of the request. The platform might need to ensure that the domain and
              all dependent logic have reached a state of quiescence before performing the actual reset, although this is not mandatory.
              When the reset is done, the platform should then send a RESET_COMPLETE delayed response, described in
              Section 3.8.3.1. The platform has the option to inform agents other than the caller of the reset incident, using the
              RESET_ISSUED notification that is described in Section 3.8.4.1.
                  message_id: 0x4
                  protocol_id: 0x16
                  This command is mandatory.
                  Parameters
                  Name                                   Description
                  uint32 domain_id                       Identifier for the reset domain.
                                                                                                 Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                  uint32 flags                        This parameter allows the agent to specify additional conditions and
                                                      requirements specific to the request, and has the following format:
                                                      Bits[31:3]
                                                      Reserved, must be zero.
                                                      Bit[2]
                                                      Async flag. Only valid if Bit[0] is set to 1.
                                                           • Set to 1 if the reset must complete asynchronously.
                                                           • Set to 0 if the reset must complete synchronously.
                                                      Bit[1]
                                                      Explicit signal. This flag is ignored when Bit[0] is set to 1.
                                                           • Set to 1 to explicitly assert reset signal.
                                                           • Set to 0 to explicitly de-assert reset signal.
                                                      Bit[0]
                                                      Autonomous Reset action.
                                                           • Set to 1 if the reset must be performed autonomously by the platform.
                                                           • Set to 0 if the reset signal shall be explicitly asserted and de-asserted
                                                             by the caller.
                  uint32 reset_state                  The reset state being requested. The format of this parameter is specified in
                                                      Table 22.
                  Return values
                  Name                                Description
                  int32 status
                                                              T0
                                                      One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                          • SUCCESS: if the operation was successful.
                                                          • NOT_FOUND: if the reset domain identified by domain_id does not
                                                BE          exist.
                                                          • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if an illegal or unsupported reset state is
                                                            specified or if the flags field is invalid.
                                                          • GENERIC_ERROR: if the operation failed, for example if there are
                                                            other active users of the reset domain.
                                                          • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to reset the specified reset
                                                            domain.
                                                      See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
