                 3.2.3.1   BASE_ERROR_EVENT
                 These notifications are sent to any agent that has registered to receive them, provided the platform implements base
                 error notifications.
                 Errors that are reported by the platform are one of two types:
                    • Fatal error
                      Indicates that the platform is no longer able to process commands. The error might be accompanied by the list of
                      messages that were being processed when the failure took place.
                                                                                                    Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                    • Non-fatal error
                      Indicates that the platform was not able to process some commands, but it is still operational. The error notification
                      is accompanied by the list of commands that could not be processed.
                 Fatal error notifications cannot be guaranteed, and the platform must not rely on these notifications as a mechanism to
                 enable recovery.
                 Error notifications must not be used as mechanism to report that a command cannot be executed as requested due to
                 constraints that arise in normal operation.
                 On initial boot of an agent, these notifications must be disabled by default to that agent.
                    message_id: 0x0
                    protocol_id: 0x10
                    This command is optional.
                    Parameters
                    Name                                 Description
                    uint32 agent_id                      Identifier of the agent that caused this notification.
                    uint32 error_status                  Bit[31]
                                                         Fatal.
                                                              • Set if error is fatal and platform cannot continue.
                                                              • Cleared if error is non-fatal but commands have failed.
                                                         Bits[30:10]
                                                                 T0
                                                         Reserved, must be zero.
                                                         Bits[9:0]
                                                         Command count, number of commands in the command list. A value of zero
                    {uint32 message_header
                    unit32 status}[N]
                                                   BE    is possible if the error cannot be attributed.
                                                         Each entry in the command list is a tuple, where the first entry is the message
                                                         header of the command, and second is an error status code that is associated
                                                         with the command. The size of the list is specified by the command count
                                                         sub-field.
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
