                 3.2.2.13   BASE_RESET_AGENT_CONFIGURATION
                 This command is used to reset platform resource settings that were previously configured by an agent. Platform resource
                 settings refer to power domain, performance domain, clock, sensors and other settings associated with a device that the
                 agent has access to. This command can also be used to reset agent-specific permission configurations to access devices
                 and protocols.
                 When this command is received, the platform might need to flush all pending requests from the agent that is undergoing
                 configuration reset. It might also need to wait for requests that are being processed on behalf of the agent to complete.
                 Alternatively, the platform can choose to abort all agent-related transactions in flight and reset its configuration. The
                 platform needs to revert the platform resources that are solely dedicated to the agent into their default state. Shared
                 platform resources need to be moved into a state that continues to meet the requirements of the remaining agents
                 using that resource. Shared platform resources are those which are shared among and used by multiple agents. Agent
                 configuration reset should not be confused with the reset of the platform or its components.
                                                                                                    Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                 If the Permissions Reset flag is set, the platform resets all the device and protocol access permissions that are configured
                 for the agent. When permission reset completes, IMPLEMENTATION defined platform-specific default permissions are
                 restored for that agent.
                 Arm recommends that only trusted agents in the system are given permissions to invoke this command for other agents.
                 An agent can invoke this command for itself.
                 A caller can discover if this command is implemented by issuing the PROTOCOL_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTES command
                 and passing the message_id of this command. If the command is implemented, PROTOCOL_MESSAGE_ATTRIBUTES
                 returns SUCCESS.
                    message_id: 0xB
                    protocol_id: 0x10
                    This command is optional.
                    Parameters
                    Name                                 Description
                    uint32 agent_id                      Identifier of the Agent.
                    uint32 flags                         Bits[31:1]
                                                         Reserved, must be zero.
                                                         Bit[0]
                                                         Permissions Reset:
                                                              • If set to 0, maintain all access permission settings of the agent.
                                                              • If set to 1, reset all access permission settings of the agent.
                                                                 T0
                                                                This command must always reset the platform resource settings
                                                                configured by the agent specified by agent_id. Platform resource
                                                                settings refer to Device, Power Domain, Performance Domain, Clocks,
                    Return values
                                                   BE           Sensors and other settings configured by the agent specified by
                                                                agent_id.
                    Name                                 Description
                    int32 status                         One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                             • SUCCESS: in case the command is processed successfully.
                                                             • NOT_FOUND: if the agent specified by agent_id does not exist.
                                                             • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if the flags field is invalid.
                                                             • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the command is not supported.
                                                             • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to reset the agent specified
                                                               by agent_id.
                                                         See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
