                 3.5.6.11   PERFORMANCE_LEVEL_SET
                                                                T0
                 This command allows the agent to set the performance level of a domain. If Level Indexing Mode is used, the limits
                 must be specified in level index instead of the corresponding performance level. This command can return before the
                 domain has transitioned to the required performance level. The platform simply has to acknowledge that it has received
                 the command. The agent can register for performance level notifications to ascertain whether a performance transition
                                                  BE
                 has taken place. For further details, see Section 3.5.8.2.
                    message_id: 0x7
                    protocol_id: 0x13
                    This command is mandatory if Bit [23] of the attributes field of the PERFORMANCE_DOMAIN_ATTRIBUTES
                    command is set to 0 for any domain.
                    Parameters
                    Name                                Description
                    uint32 domain_id                    Identifier for the performance domain.
                    uint32 performance_level            Requested performance level, or level index. If this field indicates
                                                        performance level and if it is set to 0, platform policy determines the
                                                        performance level of this domain.
                    Return values
                    Name                                Description
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                    int32 status                        One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                            • SUCCESS: if the platform has accepted the command and scheduled it
                                                              for processing.
                                                            • NOT_FOUND: if the domain_id parameter does not point to a valid
                                                              domain.
                                                            • OUT_OF_RANGE: if the requested performance level is outside the
                                                              currently allowed range.
                                                            • DENIED: if the calling agent is not permitted to change the
                                                              performance level for a domain, as described by
                                                              PERFORMANCE_DOMAIN_ATTRIBUTES.
                                                        See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
