              3.10.3.10    POWERCAP_MAI_SET
              This command allows an agent to specify the power measurement averaging interval for the power capping domain.
                  message_id: 0x7
                  protocol_id: 0x18
                                                             T0
                  This command is mandatory if any domain supports configuring the MAI.
                  Parameters
                  Name
                                               BE     Description
                  uint32 domain_id                    Identifier for the power capping domain.
                  uint32 flags                        Bits[31:0]
                                                      Reserved, must be zero.
                  uint32 mai                          The power measurement averaging interval to set for the domain. This field
                                                      must not be zero.
                  Return values
                  Name                                Description
                  int32 status                        One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                          • SUCCESS: if the MAI was set successfully.
                                                          • NOT_FOUND: if the domain identified by domain_id does not exist.
                                                          • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the request is not supported.
                                                          • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if the requested MAI is not supported, or the
                                                            flags parameter specifies invalid or illegal options.
                                                          • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to set the MAI for this
                                                            domain. An example would be if this domain is exclusive to another
                                                            agent.
                                                      See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
                                                                                                Arm® System Control and Management Interface
