                 3.5.6.3   PROTOCOL_ATTRIBUTES
                 This command returns the attributes associated with this protocol.
                    message_id: 0x1
                    protocol_id: 0x13
                    This command is mandatory.
                    Return values
                    Name                                       Description
                    int32 status                               See Section 3.1.4 for status code definitions.
                                                                                                      Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                    uint32 attributes                             Bits[31:18]
                                                                  Reserved, must be zero.
                                                                  Bits[17:16]
                                                                  Power Unit:
                                                                      • Set to 2 if the power consumption of performance levels is
                                                                        expressed in uW.
                                                                      • Set to 1 if the power consumption of performance levels is
                                                                        expressed in mW.
                                                                      • Set to 0 if the power consumption of performance levels is
                                                                        expressed in an abstract linear scale.
                                                                      • All other values are reserved and must not be used.
                                                                  Bits[15:0]
                                                                  Number of performance domains.
                    uint32 statistics_address_low                 The lower 32 bits of the physical address where the statistics shared
                                                                  memory region is located. This value should be 64-bit aligned. The
                                                                  address must be in the memory map of the calling agent. If the
                                                                  statistics_len field is 0, then this field is invalid and must be ignored.
                                                                  The statistics shared memory region is described in Section 3.5.9.
                    uint32 statistics_address_high                The upper 32 bit of the physical address where the shared memory
                                                                  region is located. The address must be in the memory map of the
                                                                  calling agent. If the statistics_len field is 0, then this field is invalid and
                                                                  must be ignored. The statistics shared memory region is described in
                    uint32 statistics_len
                                                                   T0
                                                                  Section 3.5.9.
                                                                  The length in bytes of the shared memory region. A value of 0 in this
                                                                  field indicates that the platform doesn’t support the statistics shared
                                                     BE           memory region.
                 Note: Statistics capability has been marked for deprecation and is being replaced by system telemetry.
