                 3.4.3.1   SYSTEM_POWER_STATE_NOTIFIER
                 If an agent has registered for system power state notifications with SYSTEM_POWER_STATE_NOTIFY, the platform
                 sends this notification to the agent. Typically, the agent is either:
                    • The OSPM that initiates a system power state transition in response to this notification. The OSPM needs this
                      notification to become aware that a remote entity such as the management agent or the privileged agent is
                      requesting a graceful power state transition.
                    • A management agent or a privileged agent that initiated a graceful power state transition and is waiting for the
                      OSPM to perform a power state transition in response. The management agent or privileged agent needs this
                      notification to confirm that the platform controller has successfully received the power state transition request from
                      the PSCI agent, or from the OSPM for non-PSCI compliant systems.
                    message_id: 0x0
                    protocol_id: 0x12
                    This command is optional.
                    Parameters
                    Name                                 Description
                                                                                                 Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                 uint32 agent_id                      Identifier for the agent that caused the system power state transition.
                 uint32 flags                         This parameter has the following format:
                                                      Bits[31:1]
                                                      Reserved, must be zero.
                                                      Bit[0]
                                                      Graceful request.
                                                           • Set to 1 if the notification indicates that a system power state transition
                                                             has been gracefully requested.
                                                           • Set to 0 if the notification indicates that a system power state has been
                                                             forcibly requested. When sent to the management agent, it could also
                                                             indicate that the PSCI agent has requested a system power state
                                                             transition in response to an initial graceful request from the
                                                             management agent.
                 uint32 system_state                  System power state that the system has transitioned to, or which has been
                                                      requested.
                                                      Can be one of:
                                                      0x0 System shutdown.
                                                      0x1 System cold reset.
                                                      0x2 System warm reset.
                                                      0x3 System power-up.
                                                      0x4 System suspend.
                                                      0x5 – 0x7FFFFFFF
                                                              T0
                                                      Reserved, must not be used.
                                                      0x80000000 – 0xFFFFFFFF
                                                      Available for vendor-defined implementations of system power state. These
                 uint32 timeout
                                                BE    can include additional parameters. The prototype for vendor-defined call is
                                                      beyond the scope of this specification.
                                                      This field is valid only when both the following conditions are satisfied:
                                                            • the system_state field is system shutdown (0x0), and
                                                            • Bit[0] of flags field is set to 1 (graceful request).
                                                      This field indicates the platform-imposed timeout, specified in milliseconds,
                                                      enforced from the point at which the platform sends a graceful system
                                                      shutdown notification to OSPM. It indicates how long the platform waits for
                                                      OSPM to gracefully shutdown the system. On timeout expiry, if the platform
                                                      has not received the system shutdown request from the PSCI agent, or from
                                                      OSPM for non-PSCI compliant systems, the platform can proceed to forcefully
                                                      shutdown the system.
                                                      If the platform does not impose any timeout, then this field is unused and must
                                                      be set to zero.
                                                                                                   Arm® System Control and Management Interface
