              3.12.4.8    TELEMETRY_DE_CONFIGURE
              This command enables or disables DEs or event groups. If an event group is specified, then the platform must apply the
              configuration to either all or none of the DEs in the event group. If the agent requests to enable an already enabled DE,
              or disable an already disabled DE, the platform returns SUCCESS along with the other relevant information.
                  message_id: 0x6
                  protocol_id: 0x1B
                  This command is mandatory.
                                                                 T0
                  Parameters
                  Name
                                                   BE   Description
                  uint32 identifier                     Identifier for the DE or the event group.
                  uint32 flags                          Bits[31:4]
                                                        Reserved, must be zero.
                                                        Bit[3]
                                                        Selector. Whether the identifier field refers to a DE or an event group.
                                                        0 – DE
                                                        1 – Event group
                                                        Bit[2]
                                                        Disable all DEs and groups.
                                                             • If set to 1, all DEs and groups should be disabled. The identifier field is
                                                                ignored by the platform. Any data associated with the DEs or groups
                                                                might be lost.
                                                        Bits[1:0]
                                                        DE Mode
                                                             • If set to 0, the DE or group specified by the identifier field is disabled.
                                                             • If set to 1, the DE or group specified by the identifier field is enabled
                                                               without timestamps.
                                                             • If set to 2, the DE or group specified by the identifier field is enabled
                                                               with timestamps.
                                                        All other values are reserved for future use.
                                                        This field must be set to 0, if Bit[2] is set to 1.
                                                                                                  Arm® System Control and Management Interface
                  Return values
                  Name                                Description
                  int32 status                        One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                         • SUCCESS: if the DE or event_group was successfully configured.
                                                         • INVALID_PARAMETERS: if the input parameters specify incorrect or
                                                            illegal values.
                                                         • IN_USE: if the DE or event group is already in use. This can happen
                                                            when trying to enable an event group with an associated DE already
                                                            enabled, or when trying to disable a DE which had been enabled as
                                                            part of an event group configuration. The agent should take the
                                                            necessary corrective action before re-issuing the command.
                                                            It is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED whether this error occurs or not.
                                                         • OUT_OF_RANGE: If the total number of DEs or event groups enabled
                                                            has reached a maximum limit according to platform capability.
                  uint32 SHMTI_id                     SHMTI ID where the DE or the event group is allocated upon enabling.
                                                      This field is optional and is set to 0xFFFFFFFF if any of the following are true:
                                                          • no DE or event group is being enabled.
                                                          • No SHMTI is supported.
                                                          • SHMTI is not used for this DE or event group. This could be the case
                                                              for example, if this DE is associated with a FastChannel.
                                                          • the platform does not support returning this information.
                  uint32 SHMTI_de_offset                       T0
                                                      Offset, in bytes, from the beginning of the SHMTI (including the Prologue) to
                                                      the start of the DE Line-Metadata.
                                                      If an event group was specified, then this field refers to the DE in the event
                  uint32 blk_ts_offset
                                                 BE   group which has the smallest offset within the SHMTI.
                                                      The agent should ignore this field if the SHMTI_id field is set to 0xFFFFFFFF.
                                                      Offset, in bytes, from the beginning of the SHMTI (including the Prologue) to
                                                      the start of the Block Timestamp line associated with this DE.
                                                      This field is set to 0 if either timestamps are not enabled or the DE does not
                                                      use block timestamps.
                                                      This field should be compliant with the requirements for block timestamp lines
                                                      which can be found in Table 28.
                                                      The agent should ignore this field if the SHMTI_id field is set to 0xFFFFFFFF.
