              3.9.2.10   VOLTAGE_LEVEL_GET
              This command allows the calling agent to request the current voltage level of a voltage domain.
              ─── Note ─────
              It is possible for the voltage_level value returned by this command to be stale by the time the command completes, as
              another voltage level change request could have been initiated and completed in the interim.
              ─────────────
                  message_id: 0x8
                  protocol_id: 0x17
                  This command is mandatory.
                                                              T0
                  Parameters
                  Name
                  uint32 domain_id
                                                BE    Description
                                                      Identifier for the voltage domain.
                  Return values
                  Name                                Description
                  int32 status                        One of, but not limited to, the following:
                                                          • SUCCESS: if the voltage level of the domain was returned successfully.
                                                          • NOT_FOUND: if domain_id does not point to a valid voltage domain.
                                                          • NOT_SUPPORTED: if the request is not supported.
                                                          • DENIED: if the calling agent is not allowed to get the voltage level of
                                                            this voltage domain. An example would be if this voltage domain is
                                                            exclusive to another agent.
                                                      See Section 3.1.4 for more status code definitions.
                  int32 voltage_level                 The voltage level, in microvolts (uV), that the domain is set to.
