4.4  System shutdown, reset and suspend 
PSCI provides an interface to allow an OS to request system shutdown, system reset, and system 
suspend (suspend to RAM and suspend to disk). This allows a silicon vendor to provide a common 
implementation of these functions that is independent of the supervisory software running on the 
device.  
The usage of the term system in the PSCI function definitions refers to the machine view that is 
available to the calling OS. If the caller is a guest running in a virtual machine system, shutdown, reset, 
and suspend operations affect the virtual machine and might not result in any physical power changes. 
However, if a hypervisor is not present, or the caller is a hypervisor, the result is physical changes in 
power. Even if the caller is running on a physical machine, the term system might not mean the entire 
physical machine. For example, consider an advanced server system consisting of multiple boards, 
each with a board management controller (BMC), and each containing multiple SoCs. Such a system 
could run an OS instance per SoC. In this example, a PSCI command to shut down the system applies 
to a single SoC, while powering down the entire board requires access to the BMC through an 
administration interface that is beyond the reach of the calling OS or a PSCI implementation. In this 
document, the term system refers only to the machine view that is visible to an OS. In the example 
above, this maps to a single SoC. 
  Functions 
This section introduces the functions for Power State Coordination. 
The APIs are described here without reference to the underlying conduit (SMC or HVC). However, the 
functions adhere to the SMC Calling Conventions [4]. In an implementation that includes EL2 but not 
EL3, a hypervisor providing support to a PSCI-compliant EL1 Rich OS can use HVC as the conduit. In 
the HVC case, the format of the call, in terms of immediate value, and register usage, is the same as in 
the SMC case. PSCI functions can only be called from the Normal or Realm Security states (EL1 or 
EL2). 

5.1.11 SYSTEM_RESET 
Description 
Reset the system.  See section 5.12 for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID   0x8400 0009 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
void  
Does not return 

5.12  SYSTEM_RESET 
5.12.1 Intended use 
This function provides a method for performing a system cold reset. To the caller, the behavior is 
equivalent to a hardware power-cycle sequence. As detailed in section 4.4, the reset command applies 
to the machine view of the calling OS. 
5.12.2 Caller responsibilities 
Where possible, cores should be placed in a known state. No specific coordination is required between 
cores. Apart from the case when the response to the call is virtualized, when one core calls 
SYSTEM_RESET, the system power cycles. 