4.4  System shutdown, reset and suspend 
PSCI provides an interface to allow an OS to request system shutdown, system reset, and system 
suspend (suspend to RAM and suspend to disk). This allows a silicon vendor to provide a common 
implementation of these functions that is independent of the supervisory software running on the 
device.  
The usage of the term system in the PSCI function definitions refers to the machine view that is 
available to the calling OS. If the caller is a guest running in a virtual machine system, shutdown, reset, 
and suspend operations affect the virtual machine and might not result in any physical power changes. 
However, if a hypervisor is not present, or the caller is a hypervisor, the result is physical changes in 
power. Even if the caller is running on a physical machine, the term system might not mean the entire 
physical machine. For example, consider an advanced server system consisting of multiple boards, 
each with a board management controller (BMC), and each containing multiple SoCs. Such a system 
could run an OS instance per SoC. In this example, a PSCI command to shut down the system applies 
to a single SoC, while powering down the entire board requires access to the BMC through an 
administration interface that is beyond the reach of the calling OS or a PSCI implementation. In this 
document, the term system refers only to the machine view that is visible to an OS. In the example 
above, this maps to a single SoC. 
  Functions 
This section introduces the functions for Power State Coordination. 
The APIs are described here without reference to the underlying conduit (SMC or HVC). However, the 
functions adhere to the SMC Calling Conventions [4]. In an implementation that includes EL2 but not 
EL3, a hypervisor providing support to a PSCI-compliant EL1 Rich OS can use HVC as the conduit. In 
the HVC case, the format of the call, in terms of immediate value, and register usage, is the same as in 
the SMC case. PSCI functions can only be called from the Normal or Realm Security states (EL1 or 
EL2). 

5.1.9  SYSTEM_OFF 
Description 
Shut down the system.  See section 5.10  for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
0x8400 0008 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
void  
Does not return 

5.10  SYSTEM_OFF 
5.10.1 Intended use 
SYSTEM_OFF provides a system shutdown API.  
As detailed in section 4.4, the shutdown command applies to the machine view of the calling OS.  
The caller must place all cores in a known state prior to the call. Like all other APIs presented here, the 
calls can only originate in the Normal world. On a SYSTEM_OFF call, the implementation completely 
removes power from highest power level. 
The following start must be a cold boot from the point of view of the caller. 
5.10.2 Implementation responsibilities 
•  The implementation must support SYSTEM_OFF calls from every core in the system. If a UP Trusted 
OS is present, and the call does not come from the core on which it is resident, then the 
implementation has two options: 
• 
If the Trusted OS requires it, provide an IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED mechanism to inform 
the Trusted OS of the impending shutdown. 
•  Use a Trusted OS that can cope with the shutdown. In mobile applications Trusted 
Operating Systems must be able to deal with a sudden loss of power. 
•  The implementation must ensure that any data it requires is saved to non-volatile storage. 
5.10.3 Caller responsibilities 
The caller must perform any necessary operations to ensure a clean shutdown in its OS: 
•  Ensure cores are in a known state and that any necessary data has been saved to non-volatile 
storage.  
• 
It is up to the calling supervisory software to store any information it requires on restart in 
storage that will survive the shutdown.  
One way in which cores can be placed into a known state is to use calls to CPU_OFF on all online cores 
except for the last one, which instead uses SYSTEM_OFF. If a UP Trusted OS is present, this method 
only works if the core that calls SYSTEM_OFF is the one where the Trusted OS is resident, as calls to 
CPU_OFF on this core return a DENIED error.  Any core can call SYSTEM_OFF.  