18.4.1 FFA_MSG_SEND
            Overview
                • Send a Partition message to a VM through the RX/TX buffers by using Indirect messaging.
                     – Message is copied by Hypervisor from the TX buffer of Sender NS-Endpoint to the RX buffer of
                        Receiver NS-endpoint.
                     – The scheduler is informed about the pending message in the RX buffer of the Receiver.
                     – Message will be read when the Receiver endpoint is scheduled to run.
                     – See 18.4.1.2 Component responsibilities for FFA_MSG_SEND for caller and callee roles and
                        responsibilities.
                     – Must not be invoked when the caller is processing a Direct request.
                • Valid FF-A instances and conduits are listed in Table 18.15.
                     – Is used with the ERET conduit in the following scenarios.
                          * Inform an endpoint that a message is available in its RX buffer.
                          * Inform the primary scheduler that the Receiver has a pending message in its RX buffer.
                • Syntax of this function is described in Table 18.16.
                • Successful completion of this function call is indicated as follows.
                     – w0 contains FFA_SUCCESS function ID.
                     – w1/x1-w7/x7 are Reserved (MBZ).
                     – Successful completion of this function does not imply that the message has been read by the Receiver
                        endpoint.
                • Encoding of error code in the FFA_ERROR function is described in Table 18.17.
                     – See 18.4.1.1 Target availability notification for behavior when BUSY is returned and caller must be
                        notified about availability of TX buffer.
                                                                      Table 18.15: FFA_MSG_SEND instances and conduits
           Config No.                   FF-A instance                                           Valid conduits
           1                            Non-secure virtual                                      SMC, HVC, ERET
                                                                                Table 18.16: FFA_MSG_SEND function syntax
           Parameter                                 Register         Value
           uint32 Function ID                        w0                   • 0x8400006E.
           uint32 Sender/Receiver IDs                w1                   • Sender and Receiver endpoint IDs.
                                                                              – Bit[31:16]: Sender endpoint ID.
                                                                              – Bit[15:0]: Receiver endpoint ID.
           uint32/uint64 Reserved                    w2/x2                • Reserved for future use (MBZ).
           uint32 Message size                       w3                   • Length of message payload in the RX buffer.
                                                                          • This is an optional field when used with the ERET
                                                                            conduit at the Non-secure virtual FF-A instance and
                                                                            the callee is not the Receiver of the message. It MBZ
                                                                            in this case.
Chapter 18. Appendix
18.4. Legacy Indirect messaging usage
           Parameter                                Register         Value
           uint32 Flags                             w4                   • Message flags.
                                                                              – Must be ignored by callee when SVC conduit is
                                                                                used.
                                                                              – Bit[0]: Blocking behavior.
                                                                                  * b’0: Return BUSY if message cannot be
                                                                                     delivered to Receiver.
                                                                                  * b’1: Return BUSY if message cannot be
                                                                                     delivered to Receiver and notify when
                                                                                     delivery is possible.
                                                                              – Bit[31:1]: Reserved (MBZ).
           uint32 Sender vCPU ID                    w5                   • Information to identify execution context or vCPU of
                                                                           Sender endpoint.
                                                                              – Only valid when ERET conduit is used. MBZ
                                                                                and ignored by callee otherwise.
                                                                              – Bits[31:16]: Reserved (MBZ).
                                                                              – Bits[15:0]: vCPU ID of Sender endpoint.
           Other Parameter registers                w6-w7                • Reserved (MBZ).
                                                    x6-x7
                                                                                            Table 18.17: FFA_ERROR encoding
           Parameter                                Register         Value
           int32 Error code                         w2                   • INVALID_PARAMETERS: A field in input
                                                                           parameters is incorrectly encoded.
                                                                         • BUSY: Receiver RX buffer is not free.
                                                                         • DENIED: Callee is not in a state to handle this request.
                                                                         • NO_MEMORY: Insufficient memory to handle this
                                                                           request.
                                                                         • NOT_SUPPORTED: This function is not implemented
                                                                           at this FF-A instance.
             18.4.1.1 Target availability notification
             When this interface is invoked, it is possible that the callee determines that the RX buffer of the Receiver VM
             cannot be written to. This can happen if either another instance of a Producer is writing to the RX buffer or the
             Receiver VM is reading from it as a Consumer (see 4.10 RX/TX buffers). The callee must complete the interface
             invocation with a BUSY error code in this case.
             A VM running in EL1 can request to be notified when the RX buffer becomes available again by setting bit[0] = 1
             in the Flags parameter. In this case, the Hypervisor must:
                1. Determine when the RX buffer is available as per the ownership rules described in 4.10 RX/TX buffers.
                2. Notify each caller about the RX buffer availability.
             The Hypervisor must describe the interrupt to indicate availability of the Receiver VM RX buffer to each VM
             respectively through an IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED mechanism. This could be done through a platform discovery
             mechanism like ACPI or Device tree.
             A Consumer that is, OS kernel or VM must indicate the availability of its RX buffer by using a mechanism listed
             in 4.10 RX/TX buffers for example, through the FFA_RX_RELEASE interface.
Chapter 18. Appendix
18.4. Legacy Indirect messaging usage
             18.4.1.2 Component responsibilities for FFA_MSG_SEND
             This section describes the common responsibilities that the participating FF-A components must fulfill during
             transmission of Partition messages between VMs through the FFA_MSG_SEND interface. This interface is used in
             the scenarios listed in 8.2 Indirect messaging.
             18.4.1.2.1    Sender VM responsibilities
                1. Must acquire ownership of empty TX buffer (see 4.10 RX/TX buffers).
                2. Must write Partition message payload to TX buffer.
                3. Must specify length of Partition message payload.
                4. Must specify blocking behavior in Flags parameter.
                5. Must specify Sender and Receiver VM IDs.
                6. Must implement support for handling all error status codes that can be returned on completion of these
                   interfaces.
                7. See 18.4.1.2.2 Hypervisor responsibilities for Hypervisor responsibilities in this message transmission.
             18.4.1.2.2    Hypervisor responsibilities
               1. Must validate Sender and Receiver VM IDs and return INVALID PARAMETER if either is invalid.
               2. Must check that reserved bits are 0 in Flags parameter. Return INVALID PARAMETER if this check fails.
               3. Must check that reserved and unused parameter registers are 0. Return INVALID PARAMETER if this check
                  fails.
               4. Must check that the size of the Receiver RX buffer is large enough to accommodate the message. Must return
                  NO_MEMORY if this is not true.
               5. Must lock TX buffer of Sender from concurrent accesses before copying the message.
               6. Must determine availability of RX buffer of Receiver.
                    1. Return BUSY if RX buffer is not available.
                         1. Save Sender ID if it wants the target availability interrupt when the RX buffer becomes free.
                         2. Arrange for target availability interrupt to be delivered to Sender.
                    2. Mark RX buffer as unavailable if it is available.
               7. Must protect RX buffer of Receiver from concurrent accesses.
               8. Must copy message from Sender TX buffer to Receiver RX buffer.
               9. Must unlock TX buffer of Sender after copying the message.
              10. Must unlock RX buffer of Receiver after copying the message.
              11. Must inform primary scheduler that Receiver has a pending message as described in 18.4.1.3 Legacy
                  mechanism for scheduler notification.
              12. Must return SUCCESS to Sender if message is successfully transmitted.
              13. Must mark the RX buffer as available when the Receiver releases it.
             18.4.1.2.3    Receiver VM responsibilities
                1. Copy message from RX buffer.
                2. Transfer ownership of the RX buffer by invoking the FFA_RX_RELEASE interface.
             18.4.1.3 Legacy mechanism for scheduler notification
             This section describes how the primary scheduler must be notified depending on its location relative to the message
             Sender.
                1. A VM is the Sender. The primary scheduler and Hypervisor are co-resident. The Hypervisor must use an
                   IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED mechanism to notify the primary scheduler in response to the FFA_MSG_SEND
                   call.
                2. A VM is the Sender.
                    1. The primary scheduler is resident in another VM.
                          1. The Hypervisor must forward the FFA_MSG_SEND call to the primary scheduler using the ERET
                             conduit on the PE where the call is made.
                          2. Primary scheduler must respond to the forwarded FFA_MSG_SEND call with either a
                             FFA_SUCCESS or FFA_ERROR invocation through the SMC conduit.
Chapter 18. Appendix
18.4. Legacy Indirect messaging usage
                3. The primary scheduler and Sender VM are co-resident. The Sender VM must use an IMPLEMENTATION
                   DEFINED mechanism to notify the scheduler.
Chapter 18. Appendix
18.4. Legacy Indirect messaging usage
