14.4 FFA_INTERRUPT
            Description
               • Returns control from the caller to the callee in response to an interrupt. See 14.4.1 Usage for details.
               • Valid FF-A instances and conduits are listed in Table 14.16.
               • Syntax of this function is described in Table 14.17.
                                                                     Table 14.16: FFA_INTERRUPT instances and conduits
           Config No.                   FF-A instance                                           Valid conduits
           1                            Non-secure physical                                     ERET
           2                            Secure and Non-secure virtual                           ERET
           3                            Secure physical                                         SMC, ERET
                                                                               Table 14.17: FFA_INTERRUPT function syntax
           Parameter                                 Register         Value
           uint32 Function ID                        w0                   • 0x84000062.
                                                                          • 0xC4000062 (see 11.1.2 Parameter Register
                                                                            Preservation).
           uint32 Endpoint/vCPU IDs                  w1                   • Endpoint and vCPU IDs of the caller in a valid usage
                                                                            scenario described in 14.4.1 Usage. MBZ otherwise.
                                                                               – Bits[31:16]: Endpoint ID.
                                                                               – Bits[15:0]: vCPU ID.
           uint32 Interrupt ID                       w2                   • Interrupt ID in a valid usage scenario described in
                                                                            14.4.1 Usage. MBZ otherwise.
           Other Parameter registers                 w3-w7                • Reserved (SBZ).
                                                     x3-x17
14.4.1 Usage
               1. FFA_INTERRUPT is used with the SMC conduit at the Secure physical FF-A instance only by the S-EL1 or
                  S-EL2 SPMC to inform the SPMD that a Non-secure interrupt has preempted execution of an SP and the
                  NS-Endpoint on this physical PE must be resumed so that the interrupt can be handled.
                    1. The SPMC returns the ID of the SP and its execution context that was doing work on behalf of the
                       NS-Endpoint. The NS-Endpoint is expected to resume execution of the SP execution context once the
                       interrupt is handled.
                    2. The interrupt ID field is invalid and MBZ. It must be ignored by the SPMD.
                    3. An example of this usage is illustrated in Figure 9.3.
               2. FFA_INTERRUPT is used with the ERET conduit by the Hypervisor, SPMC or the SPMD to inform a callee
                  in the blocked runtime state that its request was preempted by an interrupt.
Chapter 14. CPU cycle management interfaces
14.4. FFA_INTERRUPT
                    1. The callee had entered the blocked runtime state after requesting a partition to do work on its behalf e.g
                       through an invocation of a Direct request interface.
                    2. The partition manager returns the ID of the partition and its vCPU or execution context that was doing
                       work on behalf of the callee. The callee is expected to resume execution of the partition vCPU or
                       execution context once the interrupt is handled. This is applicable only if the callee runs in a privileged
                       exception level i.e. not in S-EL0. Also see 9.2.1 Secure interrupt signaling mechanisms.
                    3. The interrupt ID field is invalid and MBZ. It must be ignored by the callee.
                    4. Valid caller and callee combinations at specific FF-A instances are listed below.
                        1. SPMD and an NS-Endpoint at the Non-secure physical FF-A instance.
                        2. Hypervisor and a VM at the Non-secure virtual FF-A instance.
                        3. SPMC and an SP at the Secure virtual FF-A instance.
                    5. An example of this usage is illustrated in Figure 9.3.
               3. FFA_INTERRUPT is used with the ERET conduit by the Hypervisor, SPMC or the SPMD to delegate
                  interrupt handling to a callee in the waiting runtime state.
                    1. The callee had entered the waiting runtime state after finishing work requested by another partition e.g
                       through an invocation of FFA_MSG_SEND_DIRECT_RESP.
                    2. The partition manager returns the ID of the pending interrupt to the callee. This is applicable only if the
                       callee is a partition that runs in a privileged exception level i.e. not in S-EL0. It is also not applicable
                       if the callee is an SPMC and the caller is the SPMD. This is because the SPMD is not expected to
                       determine the identity of the pending interrupt by querying the GIC. Also see 9.2.1 Secure interrupt
                       signaling mechanisms.
                    3. The endpoint and vCPU ID fields are invalid and MBZ. They must be ignored by the callee.
                    4. Valid caller and callee combinations at specific FF-A instances are listed below.
                        1. SPMD and the S-EL1 or S-EL2 SPMC at the Secure physical FF-A instance.
                        2. EL3 SPMC and a logical S-EL1 SP at the Secure physical FF-A instance.
                        3. Hypervisor and a VM at the Non-secure virtual FF-A instance.
                        4. SPMC and an SP at the Secure virtual FF-A instance.
Chapter 14. CPU cycle management interfaces
14.5. FFA_NORMAL_WORLD_RESUME
