20.12. Function: Get Notifications (FID #7)
  struct sbiret sbi_mpxy_get_notification_events(uint32_t channel_id)
Get the message protocol specific notification events on the MPXY channel specified by the channel_id
parameter. The events are message protocol specific and MUST be defined in the respective message
protocol specification. The SBI implementation may support indication mechanisms like MSI or SSE to
inform the supervisor software about the availability of events.
               If the message channel does not support or is not configured for an indication mechanism,
              such as MSI or SSE, the supervisor software can periodically invoke the poll operation
               sbi_mpxy_get_notification_events.
               Notifications are asynchronous from the perspective of the supervisor software. Any caching or
               buffering mechanism is specific to the SBI implementation. The supervisor software may
              periodically poll for notification events using this function, provided that the polling frequency
               is sufficient to prevent the loss of events due to potential buffer limitations in the SBI
               implementation.
Depending on the message protocol implementation, a channel may support events state which includes
data like number of events RETURNED, REMAINING and LOST. Events state data is optional, and if the message
protocol implementation supports it, then the channel will have the corresponding bit set in the
CHANNEL_CAPABILITY attribute. By default the events state is disabled and supervisor software can explicitly
enable it through the EVENTS_STATE_CONTROL attribute.
               Only after enabling the events state reporting through EVENTS_STATE_CONTROL attribute, the
               events state data will start getting accumulated by the SBI implementation. The supervisor
              software may enable the EVENTS_STATE_CONTROL attribute in the initialization phase if it is
               supported.
In the shared memory, 16 bytes starting from offset 0x0 are used to return this state data.
Shared memory layout with events state data (each field is of 4 bytes):
  Offset 0x0: REMAINING
  Offset 0x4: RETURNED
  Offset 0x8: LOST
  Offset 0xC: RESERVED
  Offset 0x10: Start of message protocol specific notification events data
