3.2 DRTM_VERSION
Returns the version of the DRTM implementation.
 Parameter                   Register         Value
 uint32 Function ID             W0            0xC400_0110
 Return
                                              On success
                                              Bit[31] Must be zero.
                                              Bits[30:16] DRTM Major version
                                                        Must be 1 for this revision of the DRTM architecture for Arm.
 uint32
                                W0            Bits[15:0] DRTM Minor version
                                                        Must be 4 for this revision of the DRTM architecture for Arm.
                                              On error:
                                                                                      DRTM is not supported.
                                              NOT_SUPPORTED
3.2.1 DRTM_VERSION usage
This function returns the version of the DRTM implementation. Each DRTM implementation must support this
call and return its implementation version. For this revision of the DRTM interface, the major version is 1 and the
minor version is 4.
The version number is a 31-bit unsigned integer. The upper 15 bits denote the major revision, and the lower 16
bits denote the minor revision. The following rules apply to the version numbering:
    •     Different major revision values indicate possibly incompatible functions. A newer major revision might:
              o Introduce new functions
              o Deprecate older functions
              o Change behavior of existing functions
    •     For two revisions, A and B, for which the major revision values are identical, if the minor revision value of
          revision B is greater than the minor revision value of revision A, then every function in revision A must
          work in a compatible way with revision B. However, revision B can have a higher function count than
          revision A.
3.2.2 DRTM_VERSION implementation responsibilities
If this function returns a valid version number, all DRTM functions defined in this specification must be
implemented, unless it is explicitly stated that a function is optional.
