5.1.18 SDEI_PRIVATE_RESET
            Description                        Resets private SDEI data of the calling PE.
            Parameters
            uint32 Function ID                 0xC400_0031
            Return
                                               SUCCESS                                     All SDEI data for the calling PE
                                                                                           was reset.
                                               NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
            int64
                                                                                           At least one event handler was
                                               DENIED                                      running while this call was
                                                                                           invoked.
5.1.18.1    Usage
                    This call is used to reset all private SDEI event registrations of the calling PE. The call
                    loops through all registered private events of the calling PE and unregisters the event. All
                    private events will be unregistered if this call is executed outside an event handler. If this
                    call is executed from an SDEI event handler, all handlers will be unregistered except for
                    the running handlers. With two levels of event priority implemented, there can be at most
                    two events that are currently running, see Nesting depth of running SDEI event handlers
                    on page 19. The running handler will be in state handler-unregister-pending until the event
                    is completed, see the state diagram in Event handler states and properties on page 46 for
                    more information. This call has no effect on shared events.
5.1.18.2    Client responsibilities
                    For a PE reset or PE shutdown, in addition to executing this call, the client must also mask
                    the PE and re-target or unregister any shared events targeting this PE.
                    This call is useful in a reset scenario, especially when the private events registered by the
                    PE are unknown.
                    To successfully execute this call:
                                                                                                                            Interface
                            •     It is expected that no private event handlers would have the event handler property
                                  handler-running set to TRUE. If an event handler is running, unregister will be
                                  pending until the event is completed.
5.1.18.3        Dispatcher responsibilities
                        All private events must be unregistered or unregister-pending (if called from event handler)
                        following this call. Any auxiliary information relating to the event registration must be
                        cleared or must be set similar to the warm boot state of the PE.
