5.1.6   SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE
                                                     Complete the event handling and resume execution from the
                Description
                                                     interrupted context.
                Parameters
                uint32 Function ID                   0xC400_0025
                uint32                               0: EV_HANDLED                   The event was handled successfully.
                status_code                          1: EV_FAILED                    The event was not handled.
                Return
                On success this call never returns and resumes the execution from the point of interruption.
                On error,
                                                     NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                int64
                                                     DENIED                                      No event handler running for the
                                                                                                 calling PE.
5.1.6.1 Usage
                        This call is used by the handler to complete the handling of the event. The event handler
                        function must never return, it has no valid return address, and always ends with a
                        SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE call or SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME call, see page 28. If
                        successful, the call resumes the execution of the client from where the event occurred.
                        This call is valid only when the handler-running property is set to TRUE. This call sets the
                        event handler property handler-running to FALSE. See Event handler states and properties
                        on page 46.
                        For private and shared events, this call can be invoked only from the PE that received the
                        event. For a private event, this call completes the event handling for the calling PE. For a
                        shared event, this call completes the event handling globally.
5.1.6.2 Parameters
                        status_code can be used to indicate the status of event handling. The following status
                        values are defined,
                            •     EV_HANDLED indicates that the event was successfully handled by the client.
                            •     EV_FAILED indicates that the client failed to handle the event. The associated
                                  action for this status code is platform and event specific. For example, with a
                                  software watchdog event, the platform implementation might choose to reset the
                                  system for this status code.
5.1.6.3 Client responsibilities
                        The client must never return from the event handler and must always call
                        SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE or SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME to end the event handling
                        and resume execution in the client. If the client fails to complete the event handling, the
                        client might behave in an unpredictable way.
                        For a hardware event due to a physical interrupt, the trigger could be edge triggered or
                        level sensitive. For both type of triggers, the client must call SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE to exit
Interface
                         the event handler. In addition, for a level sensitive interrupt, it is up to the client to clear the
                         interrupt at source before calling SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE from the event handler.
                         The call returns only if there is an error and the client must handle the following potential
                         return error code,
                            • DENIED is returned if,
                                    •    the handler-running property is set to FALSE on the calling PE
5.1.6.4 Dispatcher responsibilities
                         The status_code available for a given event and for a given client is IMPLEMENTATION
                         DEFINED by the platform.
