5.1.4   SDEI_EVENT_DISABLE
                Description                        Disable the specified event.
                Parameters
                uint32 Function ID                 0xC400_0023
                int32 event                        Event number.
                Return
                                                   SUCCESS                                     Event disabled successfully.
                                                   NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                int64
                                                   INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid event number in the call.
                                                   DENIED                                      Inappropriate event handler
                                                                                               state.
5.1.4.1 Usage
                        This call disables the event for the client. When the event is disabled, no further events will
                        be passed to client. Any event that triggers after it is disabled will stay pending and passed
                        to the client when the event is enabled again. This call has no effect on a currently running
                        event handler.
                        The SDEI_EVENT_DISABLE call, changes the event handler state, see the state diagram in
                        Event handler states and properties on page 46 for more information.
                        Disabling an event, which is already disabled, is permitted and has no effect. For a private
                        event, this call disables the event only for the calling PE. For a shared event, this call
                        disables the event globally for the calling client.
5.1.4.2 Client responsibilities
                        Before a SDEI_EVENT_DISABLE call, the client must register the event using
                        SDEI_EVENT_REGISTER.
                        The client must also handle the following potential return error codes,
                           • INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned for an unknown event number.
                           • DENIED is returned if,
                                   •    Event is not registered by the client.
Interface
                                       •    Event handler is in state handler-unregister-pending. See Event handler
                                            states and properties on page 46 to know more about this.
5.1.4.3 Dispatcher responsibilities
                          The specific responsibilities of the dispatcher when an event is disabled are use-case
                          dependent. See Appendix A: Implementing use cases.
