5.1.12 SDEI_PE_MASK
            Description                       Mask the calling PE from receiving SDEI events.
            Parameters
            uint32 Function ID                0xC400_002B
            Return
            On success the return value can be,
                                                                                          The calling PE was masked by
                                              1: Masked
                                                                                          this call.
            int64
                                                                                          The PE was not masked by this
                                              0: Not masked
                                                                                          call but is already masked.
            On error the return value can be,
            int64                             NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
5.1.12.1    Usage
                    This call removes the calling PE from participating in SDEI event handling for the calling
                    client. The call masks the PE from receiving SDEI events of both normal and critical
                    priority, analogous to masking the IRQ for the PE. This behavior is independent of any
                    event status (see SDEI_EVENT_STATUS on page 30) and only affects the PE making the
                    call. The typical use scenario for this call is to temporarily remove the PE from SDEI
                    handling in particular during power management operations. This call can be invoked by
                    the client to mask the PE, whether or not the PE is already masked. The return value of
                    this call indicates whether the PE was already masked.
                    The initial state for every PE is to have SDEI events masked. This means that the PE is
                    masked from receiving any SDEI events following powerup or resume from power down
                    state as defined in Power State Coordination Interface specification, see Power
                    management and SDEI events on page 51 for more details.
                    The mask operation is per client and per PE. Each client has to execute this call from each
                    PE that is to be removed from event handling. If an SDEI implementation is present for the
                    client, then this call must always succeed.
5.1.12.2    Client responsibilities
                    If the client decides to mask SDEI events, before the call to SDEI_PE_MASK, it must ensure
                    that the preemption is disabled in the client.
                    The client calls SDEI_PE_MASK mainly for two reasons:
                        1. Powerdown state
                            Before a suspend to powerdown state through a CPU_SUSPEND call, or a CPU_OFF
                            call, as defined in Power State Coordination Interface, the client must mask the
                            PE. See Power management and SDEI events on page 51 for more details on this.
                        2. Mask PE from SDEI events
                            To temporarily mask the PE from receiving SDEI events. Masking SDEI events
                            could affect the handling of the events and it is expected that the masking be done
                            very rarely.
                    In the scenario where a registered event is triggered and the PE has its SDEI events
                    masked, the event will stay pending. In this case
                                                                                                                          Interface
                            •     If the event is private to the PE, it will be delivered to the PE after the unmask call.
                            •     If the event is shared, other target PEs could handle it.
                        If a shared event has all of its target PEs masked, then the event remains pending, until a
                        target PE for this event executes the unmask call.
5.1.12.3        Dispatcher responsibilities
                        The dispatcher implementation must ensure that the initial state for every PE is to have the
                        SDEI events masked. During powerup or resume from powerdown state, the Dispatcher
                        will mask the PE from receiving any SDEI events. This means that if the PE is powered up
                        through the powerup entry point, then the PE must be masked for SDEI events by the
                        dispatcher. For a standby power state, the dispatcher implementation must retain the mask
                        status. See Power management and SDEI events on page 51 for more details on this.
