5.1.8   SDEI_EVENT_UNREGISTER
                Description                          Unregister an event handler.
                Parameters
                uint32 Function ID                   0xC400_0027
                int32 event                          Event number
                Return
                                                     SUCCESS                                     Event successfully unregistered.
                                                     NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                                                     INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid event number.
                int64
                                                     DENIED                                      Event not registered by client.
                                                     PENDING                                     Event handler is running and
                                                                                                 unregister will be pending.
5.1.8.1 Usage
                        This call is used to unregister the client from receiving any future events specified by event.
                        Any event that triggers after a successful unregister, might be queued or discarded with the
                        specific behavior being event and platform specific. This call has no effect on a currently
                        running event handler.
Interface
                       The SDEI_EVENT_UNREGISTER call, changes the event handler state, see the state diagram
                       in Event handler states and properties on page 46 for more information.
                       This function completes asynchronously without waiting for any current handlers executing
                       on other PEs to complete. If unregister is called when the event handler is running,
                       unregister will be pending and return code will be set to PENDING. For instance, if the call is
                       invoked from the event handler, unregister would return PENDING.
                       When this call returns PENDING, the unregister will be performed when the handler
                       completes the event-handling using SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE or
                       SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME. The client will not receive any future events of type
                       event, after the client completes the currently running handler. Calling unregister on an
                       event in the unregister-pending state is permitted and will return PENDING.
                       For a shared event, this call will unregister the event globally. For a private event, this call
                       will unregister the event for the calling PE.
5.1.8.2 Client responsibilities
                       Before a SDEI_EVENT_UNREGISTER call, the client must register the event using
                       SDEI_EVENT_REGISTER.
                       The client must also handle the following potential return error codes,
                           •      INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned for an unknown event number.
                           •      DENIED is returned if event is not registered by the client.
                           •      PENDING is returned if the event handler property handler-running is set to TRUE.
                                  This error indicates that any resource that the event handler uses cannot be freed
                                  by the client until the event handler completes the event handling.
5.1.8.3 Dispatcher responsibilities
                       The dispatcher implementation must ensure that after a successful unregister, no events
                       will be delivered to the client. If the event handler is in handler-unregister-pending state, no
                       events will be delivered to the client after the client completes the currently running
                       handler.
