5.1.13 SDEI_PE_UNMASK
                Description                         Unmask the PE to receive SDEI events.
                Parameters
                uint32 Function ID                   0xC400_002C
                Return
                                                     SUCCESS                                     Unmasked PE successfully.
                int64
                                                     NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
5.1.13.1        Usage
                        This call enables the calling PE to participate in SDEI event handling for the client. The call
                        unmasks the PE from receiving SDEI events of both normal and critical priority for the
                        client, analogous to unmasking the IRQ for the PE to enable interrupt exceptions. This is
                        independent of any event status (see SDEI_EVENT_STATUS on page 30) and only affects
                        the client PE making this call. This call can be invoked by the client to unmask the PE
                        irrespective of whether the PE is already masked. The initial state for every PE is to have
                        events masked.
                        A PE can receive a triggered event only if the following
                            •     The client has registered and enabled the SDEI event.
                            •     The client has unmasked the PE from receiving an event.
                        The unmask operation is per client and per PE. Each client executes this call from each PE
                        that is ready to participate in event handling. If SDEI implementation is present for the
                        client, then this call must always succeed.
5.1.13.2        Client responsibilities
                        If the client disabled the preemption before executing SDEI_PE_MASK, then the client will
                        have to enable the preemption after calling SDEI_PE_UNMASK.
                        The client calls SDEI_PE_UNMASK mainly for two reasons:
                            1. Powerup or resume from powerdown state
                                  During powerup or resume from powerdown state, the PE will be masked from
                                  receiving any SDEI events. The powerup and resume from powerdown state
                                  follows the definition as per the Power State Coordination Interface specification.
                                  The client is required to unmask the PE using this call from each PE that needs to
                                  participate in the SDEI event handling soon after it has done initial setup. This
                                  typically means that the client executes SDEI_PE_UNMASK from the client powerup
                                  entry point, when it is ready for handling the SDEI events. See Power-on sequence
                                  on page 51 for more details on this.
                            2. Unmask from a previous masking
Interface
                            If the client masked SDEI events for a PE using SDEI_PE_MASK and the call
                            returned a masked state, then the client does SDEI_PE_UNMASK to unmask the PE.
5.1.13.3    Dispatcher responsibilities
                    The dispatcher implementation must dispatch any pending events for the calling PE.
