5.1.5       SDEI_EVENT_CONTEXT
                  Description                          To retrieve additional context information within an event handler.
                  Parameters
                  uint32 Function ID                   0xC400_0024
                                                       Parameter identifier. Possible values are,
                                                       0-17: Returns register X0-X17 of the client PE at the time of the
                  uint32 param_id
                                                       event.
                                                       All other values for param_id are reserved for future use.
                  Return
                  On success
                  int64                                The value of the register as specified by param_id will be returned.
                  On error,
                                                       NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                                                       INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid param_id value in the
                  int64                                                                            call.
                                                       DENIED                                      The event handler is not running
                                                                                                   for the calling PE.
5.1.5.1 Usage
                          This call is used to retrieve additional context information from an event handler. When the
                          dispatcher passes event to the client, the event number, ep_argument, interrupted PC and
                          PSTATE is provided to the event handler through registers X0 – X3 respectively. This call
                          can be used to retrieve the value of registers X0 – X17 of the PE which receives the event.
                          See Event handler context page 42 for more information about the event handler context.
                          The type of context information returned through this call is selected using the param_id
                          argument. Currently the following values of param_id are defined,
                              •     0-17: General purpose registers X0-X17 of the PE at the time of the event.
                          The SDEI_EVENT_CONTEXT call is typically used within an event handler. The call is valid
                          only when the event handler property handler-running is set to TRUE), see Event handler
                          states and properties on page 46. For private and shared events, this call can be invoked
                          only from the PE that received the event.
5.1.5.2 Client responsibilities
                          If the event handler property handler-running is set to TRUE, the call always succeeds, and
                          the requested register value is returned.
                          If the client executes the call when the handler-running property is FALSE or from a
                          different PE than the one in which the event handler is running, the call will always fail with
                          one of the following error codes,
                              •     INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned for an unknown param_id value.
                                                                                                                           Interface
                            •     DENIED is returned if the handler-running property is FALSE on the calling PE.
5.1.5.3 Dispatcher responsibilities
                        The context information must be available until the event handler is completed. The call
                        must always succeed when the event is running.
