5.1.14 SDEI_INTERRUPT_BIND
            Description                        Binds an interrupt to an event.
            Parameters
            uint32 Function ID:                0xC400_002D
            uint32 interrupt                   Interrupt number.
            Return
            On success an event number is returned as follows,
                                               Bits [63:32]: Must be zero.
            int64                              Bits [31:0]: Event number, see Event number allocation on page
                                               19.
            On error,
                                               NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                                               INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid interrupt number in the
                                                                                           call.
            int64
                                               DENIED                                      Inappropriate interrupt state.
                                                                                           The client has exceeded the
                                               OUT_OF_RESOURCE                             available event binding slots,
                                                                                           see Bound events on page 51.
5.1.14.1    Usage
                    This interface call can be used to bind any client interrupt in to a normal priority SDEI
                    event. The interrupt can be a private peripheral interrupt (PPI) or a shared peripheral
                    interrupt (SPI). Binding a software generated interrupt (SGI) is not allowed. Binding a PPI
                    results in a private event and binding a SPI results in a shared event. The event number
                    returned by this call is valid across all PEs for both private and shared events. Binding any
                    type of interrupt that is already bound will return the same event number. Refer to Bound
                    events on page 51 for more information.
                    The number of such bind slots that can exist in a system is platform specific and can be
                    discovered using the SDEI_FEATURES call, see page 39. It is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED on
                    how the mapped event number is formed, within the vendor event space, refer to Event
                    number allocation on page 19.
5.1.14.2    Parameters
                    interrupt is the interrupt number that is to be promoted as an SDEI event. For physical
                    SDEI instance, the interrupt will be a Non-secure interrupt and for virtual SDEI the interrupt
                    number will be a virtual interrupt.
5.1.14.3    Client responsibilities
                    The client can bind any PPI or SPI as an event. When the interrupt is promoted to an
                    event, the client will lose the ability to change any properties of the interrupt and only SDEI
                    calls are allowed on the event. The interrupt, prior to binding must be owned and managed
                    by the client, for example, in the case of a physical SDEI instance and the system uses
                                                                                                                              Interface
                        GIC, the interrupt must be in Group-1 Non-secure. Before binding the interrupt, the client
                        must ensure that the interrupt is disabled at the interrupt controller and in inactive state,
                        refer to Arm Generic Interrupt Controller Architecture Specification version 3.0 for more
                        information.
                        The client must also handle the following potential return error codes,
                            •     INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if
                                       •     Interrupt number is invalid
                                       •     Interrupt number is not allowed for binding. In particular, when the interrupt
                                             is not owned by the client, for example is a secure interrupt.
                            •     DENIED is returned if the interrupt is not in Inactive state, as defined in Arm
                                  Generic Interrupt Controller Architecture Specification version 3.0.
                            •     OUT_OF_RESOURCE is returned if the client has used all the available event
                                  bind slots, see Bound events on page 51.
5.1.14.4        Dispatcher responsibilities
                        The dispatcher must reserve a set of bind slots to be used by the client. The dispatcher
                        must only allow the binding of interrupts owned by the clients. All bound interrupts must
                        have their priority elevated to ensure that they can always preempt client execution.
                        When an interrupt that is bound as an event triggers, the dispatcher acknowledges the
                        interrupt and delivers the event to the client. This ensures that only valid (non-spurious)
                        interrupts are delivered to the client. When the client completes the event, the dispatcher
                        does the end of interrupt. Dispatcher does the interrupt management from the interrupt
                        controller side, however it is the client’s responsibility to do the device side interrupt
                        management.
