5.1.7       SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME
                                                    Complete the event handling and resume execution at the specified
                 Description
                                                    address in ELC.
                 Parameters
                 uint32 Function ID                 0xC400_0026
                 uint64
                                                    Address in client to resume the execution from.
                 resume_addr
                 Return
                 On success this call never returns and resumes the client from the provided address.
                 On error,
                                                    NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                                                    INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid resume address.
                 int64
                                                    DENIED                                      No event handler running for the
                                                                                                calling PE.
5.1.7.1 Usage
                         This call is used by the handler to complete the handling of an event and resume the
                         execution from the client at a specified address. This call is similar to
                         SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE except that the execution resumes from ELC at the specified
                         address in the client as opposed to the interrupted context.
                         If successful, the call never returns to the caller and resumes the execution at
                         resume_addr from ELC.
                         This call is valid only when the handler-running property is set to TRUE. The call sets
                         handler-running to FALSE. See Event handler states and properties on page 46.
                         For private and shared events, this call can be invoked only from the PE that received the
                         event. For a private event, this call completes the event handling for the calling PE. For a
                         shared event, this call completes the event handling globally.
                         This call is particularly useful when the interrupted Exception level is different from ELC and
                         the client needs to do additional processing of the event before resuming the interrupted
                         context. For example, if a firmware SDEI event interrupted the guest OS and the
                         hypervisor wants to inject a virtual SDEI event into the guest after completing the handling
                         at hypervisor.
                         The resume handler Execution state mimics a synchronous exception handler for ELC
                         where the exception return address is set to the PC at which the SDEI event was taken.
                         Refer to Event resume context on page 44 for more details about the context.
                                                                                                                            Interface
5.1.7.2 Parameters
                        resume_addr must be a valid resume address in ELC. The resume address must be valid in
                        translation regime of the client at the point when the event occurred. Specifying an invalid
                        address will result in an exception, for example a translation fault or permission fault, as
                        defined in the Armv8-A architecture when the ERET is executed by the dispatcher
                        targeting the invalid address.
5.1.7.3 Client responsibilities
                        The client must use SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME to end the event handling and
                        resume execution from the client. This is typically useful in the form of ‘post-processing’ an
                        event, for example, cascading events to a lower Exception level such as a hypervisor
                        injecting virtual events to a guest, or choosing to preempt or terminate guest execution. If
                        the client fails to complete the event handling, it might result in UNPREDICTABLE behavior
                        in the client.
                        The call returns only if there is an error and the client must handle the following potential
                        return error code,
                            •     INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if the dispatcher can identify that the resume
                                  address is invalid, for example address is not 4-byte aligned.
                            •     DENIED is returned if the event handler property handler-running is set to FALSE
                                  on the calling PE.
5.1.7.4 Dispatcher responsibilities
                        If the client fails to complete the event handling, the dispatcher implementation must
                        ensure that this does not affect the dispatcher from functioning.
                        If the client is executing a yielding SMC call and SDEI event interrupts the Secure
                        execution of the SMC call, and the client completes the handler using
                        SDEI_EVENT_COMPLETE_AND_RESUME, the resume handler must be executed prior to
                        resuming the secure execution. The SMC call can be restarted later from the client using
                        an IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED mechanism agreed with the Secure software.
