5.1.9       SDEI_EVENT_STATUS
                  Description                       Retrieve the status of an event.
                  Parameters
                  uint32 Function ID                 0xC400_0028
                  int32 event                        Event number.
                  Return
                  On success the format of the return value is as follows,
                                                                                                                            Interface
                                                     Bits[63-3]: Must be zero.
                                                     Bit[2]: Running bit. Possible values are,
                                                          •    0: Event handler is not-running.
                                                          •    1: Event handler is running.
                                                     Bit[1]: Enable bit. Possible values are,
                                                          •     0: Event handler is disabled.
                int64
                                                          •    1: Event handler is enabled.
                                                    Bit[0]: Register bit. Possible values are,
                                                          •    0: Event handler is unregistered.
                                                          •    1: Event handler is registered.
                                                    See Table 13 on page 48 for more information on how to map the
                                                    return value to the event handler states.
                On error,
                                                     NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                int64
                                                     INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid event number in the call.
5.1.9.1 Usage
                        This call can be used to retrieve the status of an event. The status of the event returned by
                        this call can be directly mapped to event handler states, see Event handler states and
                        properties on page 46.
5.1.9.2 Client responsibilities
                        The event status is dynamic and can change even when the return status is inspected.
                        Therefore, the status must not be used to perform operations that depend on the current
                        status of the event unless the client synchronizes itself not to change the event handler
                        state.
                        The client must handle the following potential return error code,
                            •     INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned for an unknown event number.
