5.1.1   SDEI_VERSION
                Description                        Returns the version of the SDEI implementation.
                Parameter
                uint32 Function ID:                0xC400_0020
                Return
                                                   On success, the format of the version number is as follows:
                                                   Bit [63] Must be 0.
                                                   Bits [62:48] Major revision: must be 1 for this revision of SDEI.
                                                   Bits [47:32] Minor revision: must be 1 for this revision of SDEI.
                int64
                                                  Bits [31:0] Vendor-defined version number.
                                                   On error:
                                                   NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
5.1.1.1 Usage
                        Each implemented SDEI instance must support this call and return its version number.
                        The version number is a 63-bit unsigned integer, with the upper 31 bits denoting the major
                        and minor revision, and the lower 32 bits denoting a vendor-defined number.
                        The following rules apply to the version numbering:
                                   •    Different major revision values indicate possibly incompatible functions. A
                                        newer major revision might:
                                             o    Introduce new functions.
                                             o    Deprecate older functions.
                                             o    Change behavior of existing functions.
                                   •    For two versions, A and B, for which the major revisions are identical, if the
                                        minor revision of B is greater than the minor revision of A, then all functions in
Interface
                                          A must work in B. However, it is possible for B to have a higher function count
                                          than A.
                                     •    This specification does not define the format of the vendor-defined version
                                          number. However, a higher value must indicate a newer version.
5.1.1.2 Dispatcher responsibilities
                       If a valid version number is returned by this call, the SDEI instance must implement all
                       SDEI calls described in this chapter.
