5.1.15 SDEI_INTERRUPT_RELEASE
                Description                         Release the interrupt from event binding.
                Parameters
                uint32 Function ID:                  0xC400_002E
                int32 event                          Event number
                Return
                                                     SUCCESS                                     Event released successfully.
                                                     NOT_SUPPORTED                               SDEI is not supported.
                int64
                                                     INVALID_PARAMETERS                          Invalid event number in the call.
                                                     DENIED                                      Inappropriate event state.
5.1.15.1        Usage
                        This interface call can be used to release an interrupt-event binding. If the release call is
                        executed on an interrupt that is not currently bound, an error code INVALID_PARAMETERS
                        will be returned.
                        As the event binding is global, to release a private event, the event must be in handler-
                        unregistered state for all registered PEs. To release a shared event, the event handler
                        must be in handler-unregistered state, see the state diagram in Event handler states and
                        properties on page 46 for more information.
Interface
5.1.15.2    Parameters
                    event is the event number that was returned from an earlier call to SDEI_INTERRUPT_BIND,
                    see page 36.
5.1.15.3    Client responsibilities
                    A successful SDEI_INTERRUPT_RELEASE call effectively removes the event number and no
                    further SDEI calls will be valid on this event.
                    The client must also handle the following potential return error codes,
                        •     INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if
                                   •     Event number is invalid.
                                   •     Event number is not bound.
                        •     DENIED is returned if the event handler is in a state other than handler-
                              unregistered.
5.1.15.4    Dispatcher responsibilities
                    After a successful release, the free slot returns to the pool of bind slots. The client can
                    reuse the bind slot for the same or different interrupt number. After releasing a bound
                    event, it is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED, if the dispatcher returns the same or different event
                    number for a subsequent bind of the same interrupt. The dispatcher must ensure that all
                    registered PEs have completed (not pending) unregistering the handler before releasing an
                    event.
                    The dispatcher implementation must restore any configuration of an interrupt that is done
                    during SDEI_INTERRUPT_BIND, so that the client owns and manages the interrupt. For
                    example, for a physical SDEI instance with a system that uses GIC, the interrupt must be
                    in Group-1 Non-secure. The interrupt must be disabled at the interrupt controller.
