5.1.5  AFFINITY_INFO 
Description 
Enable the caller to request status of an affinity instance (as defined in section 
4.2.2). See section 5.7 for more details.  
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
•  0x8400 0004 SMC32 version 
•  0xC400 0004 SMC64 version 
SMC32 uint32 
SMC64 uint64 
target_affinity 
In SMC32 version this is a uint32 value. 
In SMC64 version this is a uint64 value. 
This follows the same format as the target_cpu parameter 
of a CPU_ON call (see section 5.1.4). 
Denotes the lowest affinity level field that is valid in the 
target_affinity parameter. This argument allows the 
caller of AFFINITY_INFO to request information about 
affinity levels higher than 0. 
Possible values are: 
0: All affinity level fields in target_affinity are valid. In a 
system where processors are not hardware threaded, the 
target_affinity parameter would represent an individual 
core. 
1: Aff0 field must be ignored. The target_affinity 
parameter denotes an affinity level 1 processing unit. 
2: Aff0 and Aff1 fields must be ignored. The target_affinity 
parameter denotes an affinity level 2 processing unit. 
3: Aff0, Aff1 and Aff2 fields must be ignored. The 
target_affinity parameter denotes an affinity level 3 
processing unit. 
From version 1.0 of PSCI onwards, AFFINITY_INFO is 
no longer required to support affinity levels higher than 0. 
For more details on return values when this parameter is 
non-zero, see section 5.7.1. 
uint32  
lowest_affinity_level 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
SMC32 int32 
SMC64 int64 
•  2 ON_PENDING: the affinity instance is 
transitioning to an ON state 
•  1 OFF 
•  0 ON: At least one core in the affinity instance is 
ON 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS 
•  DISABLED 
See section 5.2.2 for integer values associated with each 
return code.

5.7  AFFINITY_INFO 

5.7.1  Intended use 
The valid states that can be returned by AFFINITY_INFO are: 
ON: At least one core in the affinity instance, as defined in section 4.2.2, meets both of the following 
conditions: 
•  The core has been enabled with a call to CPU_ON or is the cold boot primary core. 
•  The core has not called CPU_OFF.  
Idling cores that have called CPU_SUSPEND are considered to be in the ON state. Therefore, a core 
in this state will be running or in a low-power mode. 
OFF: All the cores in the affinity instance have called CPU_OFF and each of these calls has been 
processed by the PSCI implementation.   
ON_PENDING: At least one core in the affinity instance is in the ON_PENDING state, as described in 
section 5.5. All other cores in the affinity instance are OFF. 
It is also possible for AFFINITY_INFO to return the DISABLED code when the processing unit described 
by the input parameters is valid, but is disabled for physical reasons, for example, because a core is 
faulty. 
For versions of PSCI prior to 1.0, an implementation must track the states of all the cores in an affinity 
instance to produce the overall return value. From version 1.0 of PSCI, it is no longer required for 
AFFINITY_INFO to support affinity levels greater than 0. If a caller requests the state of an affinity 
instance above level 0, the implementation can respond in one of two ways: 
•  Provide a valid return value, behaving in a compatible fashion with a version of PSCI prior to 
1.0. 
•  Return INVALID_PARAMETERS. 
5.7.2  Caller responsibilities 
Callers must be aware that the state returned by the AFFINITY_INFO call is affected by calls to CPU_ON 
and CPU_OFF, both of which could be in flight at the same time. 
The caller must deal with any errors arising from the call: 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if the lowest_affinity_level and target_affinity parameters 
describe an affinity instance that is not present in the platform.  
•  DISABLED is returned if the parameters describe an affinity instance that is disabled for physical 
reasons, for example, because the core is faulty. 
