5.1.2  CPU_SUSPEND 
Description 
Suspend execution on a core or higher-level topology node. This call is intended 
for use in idle subsystems where the core is expected to return to execution 
through a wakeup event. See section 5.4 for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
uint32  
power_state 
•  0x8400 0001 SMC32 version 
•  0xC400 0001 SMC64 version 
This parameter is described in section 5.4.2 
Address at which the core must resume execution, 
when it enters the return Non-secure Exception level, 
following wakeup from a powerdown state. 
This parameter is only valid if the target power state is 
a powerdown state. For standby states, the value 
passed in is ignored. 
For the SMC64 version, this parameter is a 64-bit entry 
point Physical Address (PA) or Intermediate Physical 
Address (IPA). 
For the SMC32 version, this parameter is a 32-bit entry 
point PA or IPA.  
Note:    An Armv7 system must use the SMC32 
version of the function. This limits the entry 
point addresses to 32 bits, even if the 
implementation includes the Large Physical 
Address Extension (LPAE), as the MMU will 
be disabled when the platform reenters at 
this address. 
This parameter is only valid if the target power state is 
a powerdown state. For standby states the value is 
ignored. 
For the SMC64 version, this parameter is a 64-bit 
value. Following wakeup from a powerdown state, 
when the calling core first enters the return Non-secure 
Exception level, this value must be present in X0. 
For the SMC32 version, this parameter is a 32-bit 
value. Following wakeup from a powerdown state, 
when the calling core first enters the return Non-secure 
Exception level, this value must be present in R0. 
SMC32 uint32 
SMC64 uint64 
entry_point_address  
SMC32 uint32 
SMC64 uint64 
context_id  
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
SMC32 int32 
SMC64 int64 
•  SUCCESS 
• 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS 
INVALID_ADDRESS 
•  DENIED – Only in OS-initiated mode. See 
sections 4.2.3.2 and 5.4.  
See section 5.2.2 for integer values associated with each 
return code.

5.4  CPU_SUSPEND 

5.4.1  Intended use 
The CPU_SUSPEND API is used to move a topology node into a low-power state. The function is called 
from a specific core in that topology node, and indicates that the caller intends to make use of the core 
in the future, but that it has no current work for it. The CPU_SUSPEND API is called by an OSPM as part 
of idle management. 
The following sections describe the parameters of CPU_SUSPEND in detail as well as caller and 
implementation responsibilities. 
A description of the call flow can be found in section 6.1.1. 
5.4.2  CPU_SUSPEND parameters: power_state 
From PSCI1.0, two formats are supported for the power_state parameter. 
5.4.2.1  Original format 
This is the only format that is supported by versions of PSCI prior to 1.0. When this format is in use, 
bit[1] of the flags field returned by PSCI_FEATURES with a CPU_SUSPEND function ID is set to 0.  
In this format, the power_state parameter is broken into the following fields: 
Table 7 power_state parameter bit fields in Original format  
Bit field 
Description 
31:26 
25:24 
Reserved. Must be zero. 
PowerLevel 
23:17 
15:0 
Reserved. Must be zero. 
StateType 
StateID 
The fields are described below. 
PowerLevel: 
This field describes the power level, as defined in section 4.2, to be powered down, such as core, 
cluster, or group of clusters. Note that it is only possible to call CPU_SUSPEND from the current core, 
that is, it is not possible to request suspension of another core. 
Note:  Versions of PSCI prior to 1.0 called this field AffinityLevel. This name has been changed in 
acknowledgement of the fact that MPIDR-based levels of affinity do not necessarily map to power 
domain implementations. 
How the power levels are numbered is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED, however, as described in section 
4.2, it is expected that lower numbers are closer to the core and higher numbers are closer to the 
system. For the example system depicted in Figure 4, a logical numbering scheme is: 
•  Level 0: for cores 
•  Level 1: for clusters 
•  Level 2: for system 
StateType: 
A value of 0 indicates a standby or retention state as defined in section 4.1. 
A value of 1 indicates a powerdown state as defined in section 4.1. This also indicates that 
entry_point_address and context_id fields contain valid data. 
The state type is always considered to be powerdown if any core context is lost, even if, at power levels 
higher than a core, there is no loss of context. For example, if the state implies powering down a core 
but keeping a cluster in retention, the StateType field would denote powerdown. 
StateID: 
Field to express a platform-specific state ID. Contents are IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED. 
This field can be used to distinguish which combination of local states is being requested. 
Using StateID and the other fields in the power_state parameter, it must be possible to uniquely 
describe every composite power state that the calling OS can use. In addition, in OS-initiated mode, the 
StateID encoding must allow expressing the power level in which the calling core is the last to go idle. 
The method by which this is done must be expressed to the OSPM through firmware tables (FDT or 
ACPI), so that it can add this information to the StateID when requesting a power state.  
A recommended encoding for StateID is discussed in section 6.5. 
5.4.2.2  Extended StateID format 
A given platform supports a fixed set of states for each core, cluster, or overall system. These states 
give rise to a set of valid power_state values. These states are expressed through firmware tables, 
for example, ACPI or FDT, to OSPMs. PSCI 1.0 introduces a new extended StateID format. This 
provides higher flexibility for the implementers of PSCI and acknowledges improvements in ACPI and 
FDT power state descriptions, which make some of the original format fields redundant.  
When this format is in use, bit[1] of the flags field returned by PSCI_FEATURES with a CPU_SUSPEND 
function ID is set to 1.  
Note that it is not possible for an implementation to mix formats. It either uses the original format or the 
extended ID format but not both. This is a static design-time decision and cannot be changed at 
runtime.  
Table 8 describes the bit fields in the power_state parameter, when the extended StateID format is 
used. The fields retain the same definitions as in the original format. 
A recommended encoding for StateID is discussed in section 6.5. 
Table 8 power_state parameter bit fields in Extended StateID format  
Bit field 
Description 
29:28 
27:0 
Reserved. Must be zero. 
StateType 
Reserved. Must be zero. 
StateID 
5.4.3  CPU_SUSPEND parameters: entry_point_address 
The entry_point_address parameter is used by the caller to specify where code execution needs to 
resume at wakeup time. The parameter must be a Physical Address (PA), or, for a guest OS in a 
virtualized platform, an Intermediate Physical Address (IPA). In this case, the hypervisor must trap the 
call. Further details can be found in section 6.4. 
5.4.4  CPU_SUSPEND parameters: context_id 
The context_id parameter is only meaningful to the caller. The PSCI implementation must preserve a 
copy of the value passed in this parameter. Following wakeup from a powerdown state, the PSCI 
implementation must place this value in R0, W0, or X0, when it enters the first Non-secure Exception 
level, as defined in section 6.4. The context identifier can be used by the caller to point to the saved 
context that must be restored on a core when it starts up at the return Exception level. The caller can 
use other methods to implement this functionality. 
5.4.5  Caller responsibilities 
Before a CPU_SUSPEND call, the Normal world must observe the following: 
•  For a powerdown request, the calling supervisory software must have saved all the state it 
requires to enable resumption of operation on reset. The context saved must reflect all caller-
visible state that is lost if the power level indicated by the power state parameter is powered 
down. For more information on the required state following the application of power after a 
CPU_SUSPEND or CPU_ON call, see section 6.4.3. 
•  For a powerdown request, the caller is not required to perform any cache or coherency 
management. This management must be performed by the PSCI implementation. 
•  The caller must not assume that a powerdown request will return using the specified entry point 
address. The powerdown request might not complete due, for example, to pending interrupts. It 
is also possible that, because of coordination with other cores, the actual state entered is 
shallower than the one requested. Because of this it is possible for an implementation to 
downgrade the powerdown state request to a standby state. In the case of a downgrade to 
standby, the implementation returns at the instruction following the PSCI call, at the Exception 
level of the caller, instead of returning by the specified entry point address. The return code in 
this case is SUCCESS. In the case of an early return due to a pending wakeup event, the 
implementation can return at the next instruction, with a return code of SUCCESS, or resume at 
the specified entry point address. 
•  The caller must ensure that appropriate wakeup events are enabled to allow resumption from 
that state. 
•  The entry point address provided by the CPU_SUSPEND call must be a physical address from 
the point of view of the caller.  
•  The context identifier is meaningful only to the caller. The value is preserved by the 
implementation and presented to the core when it is started up at the return Exception level. 
The caller must be able to handle potential return error codes:  
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS is returned if any of the following is true: 
•  The power state parameter supplied is invalid. It is expected that the valid lists of power 
states are supplied by platform firmware tables, for example, ACPI or Flattened Device Tree. 
In OS-initiated mode, this error is also returned when the following two conditions are 
• 
true: 
▪  A low-power state is requested for a higher-than-core-level topology node.  
▪  At least one of the children in that node is in a local low-power state that is 
incompatible with the request. 
For example, a core makes a request to place the system level node into a powerdown 
state, and another core in the system node is in retention. 
INVALID_ADDRESS is returned when the entry point address is known by the implementation to 
• 
be invalid, because it is in a range that is known not to be available to the caller. 
Note: Versions of PSCI prior to 1.0 use INVALID_PARAMETERS where INVALID_ADDRESS applies. 
In OS-initiated mode, a return value of DENIED is returned if the following two conditions are 
• 
true: 
•  A low-power state is requested for a higher-than-core-level topology node.  
•  All the cores that are in an incompatible state with the request are running, as opposed 
to being in a low-power state. 
In OS-initiated mode, INVALID_PARAMETERS can also be returned if the system is in a state that is 
inconsistent with the caller’s request. The differences are: 
In the DENIED case, the inconsistent cores must be running. This can arise through 
• 
errors in the calling OS or races due to the different views of node state between the calling 
OS and the implementation. See section 6.2 for more details. 
In the INVALID_PARAMETERS case, inconsistent nodes must be in a low-power state, 
• 
and the inconsistency can only arise through errors in the calling OS. 
5.4.6  Implementation responsibilities: State coordination 
In platform-coordinated mode, the semantic expressed by the caller through the power state parameter 
is not a mandatory requirement to enter the specific state. Instead, the power state parameter indicates 
the deepest state the caller can tolerate. The PSCI implementation is expected to coordinate requests 
coming from all idle cores to determine the deepest state that the cores can tolerate. For the purposes 
of this coordination, a core that has not been powered up through a call to CPU_ON, or that has been 
powered down through a call to CPU_OFF, is assumed to have requested the deepest platform state 
available. More details on platform coordination can be found in section 4.2.3.1. 
In OS-initiated mode, the caller is making an explicit request for a specific power state, as opposed to 
expressing a vote. The implementation must comply with the request unless it is not consistent with the 
implementation’s view of the current state of the system. In that case, the call must return immediately 
with DENIED or INVALID_PARAMETERS, as described above. More information on OS-initiated mode 
can be found in section 4.2.3.2. 
5.4.7  Implementation responsibilities: Interaction with a Trusted OS or SP 
When a caller requests a power state, the PSCI implementation in the privileged platform firmware 
might need to communicate with a Trusted OS or SP. A method for interfacing between PPF and a 
Trusted OS or SP is specified by Firmware Framework for Arm v8-A [10]. However, the specification 
requires the Trusted OS or SP to always comply with CPU_SUSPEND requests. The PPF can inform the 
Trusted OS or SP that a power state needs to be entered, and the Trusted OS or SP can use this 
information to take any preparatory actions. For example, it might have to save its context. However, 
this communication must not allow the Trusted OS or SP to modify or prevent the power state 
requested. 
The Trusted OS or SP might not be able to tolerate a particular state, for latency or other reasons. In 
this case, Arm recommends that the Trusted OS or SP uses an IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED 
mechanism to communicate with the Normal world to ensure its constraints are considered in the power 
requests originating from the Normal world. 
5.4.8  Implementation responsibilities: Cache and coherency management 
Powerdown states generally require a cache clean. Prior to powering down a topology node, the PSCI 
implementation must perform a cache clean operation for all the caches present in that node, and the 
last children of that node that are being powered down. The implementation must also perform any 
required coherency management. In addition, the PSCI implementation needs to perform invalidation of 
caches on booting, unless this is automatically supported by the hardware, and to manage coherency. 
Sequences to be observed when powering cores up or down can be found in the Technical Reference 
Manuals for the relevant processors and interconnect IP. 
5.4.9  Implementation responsibilities: State on return 
When returning from a standby state, the caller must observe no change in core state, other than any 
timer changes expected because of the time spent in the state, and changes in the CPU interface 
because of the wakeup reason. To the core, a standby state is indistinguishable from the use of a WFI 
instruction. The only exceptions are the registers used in making the SMC call that follow the SMC 
Calling Conventions [4]. The return value expected in R0 or W0 is the return error code. For standby 
states, SUCCESS must be returned on success. Powerdown states do not return on success because 
restart is through the entry point address at wakeup. If not successful, the error code indicates the 
reason.  
The core state when it exits EL3 following wakeup from a powerdown state, or a CPU_ON call, is 
described in described in section 6.4. 
