5.1.13 MEM_PROTECT 
Description 
Introduced in PSCI 1.1.  
Optional.  
This function provides protection against cold reboot attacks, by ensuring that 
memory is overwritten before it is handed over to an operating system loader. 
See 5.14 for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
0x8400 0013 
uint32 enable 
Return 
Declaration 
int32 
A non-zero value indicates that memory 
protection must be enabled. A value of zero 
indicates that memory protection must be 
disabled. 
Value 
On success, the call returns the previous state of 
memory protection: 
•  1 Enabled: Memory protection was 
previously enabled.  
•  0 Disabled: Memory protection was 
previously disabled.  
On failure, the call can return the following errors: 
•  NOT_SUPPORTED 
See section 5.2.2 for the integer values that are 
associated with each return code.

5.14  MEM_PROTECT 

Introduced in PSCI1.1. This function is optional. 
5.14.1 Intended use 
This function provides protection for cold reboot attacks, which exploit the fact that DRAM retains 
content for several seconds after the removal of power. This property allows an attacker to reboot a 
system and then discover secrets that were left in memory.  
When this function is called, the implementation overwrites all the volatile memory, that is accessible by 
the caller, when booting the system following a system reset. The calling operating system can modify 
this behavior by either disabling memory protection through a second call to MEM_PROTECT, or, where 
implemented, by using a SYSTEM_WARM_RESET architectural reset (see 5.1.12).  
5.14.2 Caller responsibilities 
The calling OS uses the PSCI_FEATURES API, with the MEM_PROTECT function ID, to discover whether 
the function is present:  
• 
• 
If the function is implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns a value of 0. 
If the function is not implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns NOT_SUPPORTED. 
See also section 5.1.15. Furthermore, if the function is not implemented, a call to MEM_PROTECT returns 
NOT_SUPPORTED. 
Following a cold boot, and entry into the calling operating system, volatile memory will not be protected 
until the function is called with a non-zero enable value. Therefore, the caller must not place secrets in 
memory before this point. At boot time, memory protection is disabled by default. Therefore, to 
guarantee that the memory is always protected, the calling OS must call this function every time the 
system boots.  
A successful call to MEM_PROTECT, which either enables or disables memory protection, returns the 
previous state of the protection: 
•  A return value of 0 indicates that, prior to the call, memory protection was disabled.  
•  A return value of 1 indicates that, prior to the call, memory protection was enabled. 
• 
If the function is not implemented, a call to MEM_PROTECT returns NOT_SUPPORTED. 
5.14.3 Implementation responsibilities 
If this function is implemented, MEM_PROTECT_CHECK_RANGE must also be implemented.  
When MEM_PROTECT is called, the implementation must ensure that all volatile memory that is 
accessible by the caller is overwritten on the following boot, if this is due to: 
•  A non-architectural reset that follows a SYSTEM_RESET2 call (see 5.13). 
•  An architectural reset that was invoked through calling SYSTEM_RESET2 with a request other 
than a SYSTEM_WARM_RESET. 
•  A system reset that follows a SYSTEM_RESET call (see 5.12). 
•  Removal of power, or any mechanism to reset or shutdown the system that is not described by 
this specification. 
After a SYSTEM_OFF call, it is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED whether the memory is overwritten. 
Overwritten memory includes all volatile memory that can be accessed by the caller. This includes: 
•  Architectural and non-architectural caches that can be accessed by the caller.  
•  Any volatile memory that can be accessed either directly, via CPU load, or other means such as 
a debug interface or DMA. 
The caller can give explicit permission for skipping the memory overwrite by calling SYSTEM_RESET2, 
to request a SYSTEM_WARM_RESET architectural reset. In this case, the memory is not overwritten, and 
is preserved. The caller can also disable memory protection by calling MEM_PROTECT with an enable 
value of 0. 
Following the memory overwrite, and prior to handing over to an OS boot loader, memory protection 
must be disabled. This is the default state that is expected by the caller on a system boot. 
