5.1.18 NODE_HW_STATE 
Description 
Introduced in PSCI 1.0. 
Optional.  
This API is intended to return the true HW state of a node in the power domain 
topology of the system.  See section 5.19 more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID 
SMC32 uint32 
SMC64 uint64 
target_cpu 
uint32 power_level 
•  0x8400 000D SMC32 version 
•  0xC400 000D SMC64 version 
This field follows the same format as the target_cpu 
parameter of a CPU_ON call (see section 5.1.4). 
This parameter describes the power domain level for 
the node. The power level parameter format is 
IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED, however the value of 0 
is reserved to represent cores (or for SMT systems, 
hardware threads). 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
SMC32 int32 
SMC64 int64 
•  2 HW_STANDBY: The power control logic 
indicates that the node is in a standby or 
retention power state, as defined in section 4.1 
•  1 HW_OFF: The power control logic indicates 
that the node is fully powered down, meaning 
that it is in a powerdown state, as described in 
section 4.1 
•  0 HW_ON: The power control logic indicates 
that the node is operational and is not in a low 
power state but is in the run state described in 
section 4.1. 
•  NOT_SUPPORTED 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS 
See section 5.2.2 for integer values associated with 
each return code.

5.19  NODE_HW_STATE 

Introduced in PSCI 1.0, this function is optional. 
5.19.1 Intended use 
This API allows the power state of a node to be determined directly from the power controller or power 
controlling logic. Unlike AFFINITY_INFO, which returns the view of state of the implementation, this 
API returns the physical view of power state. 
5.19.2 Caller responsibilities 
The node is uniquely represented using two parameters: 
target_cpu:Derived from the MPIDR, this parameter follows the same format as the target_cpu 
parameter of CPU_ON. 
power_level: This parameter denotes the power domain level for the node. The format of this 
parameter is IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED, however 0 is always reserved to represent a core, or HW 
thread, in an SMT system. 
Note: It is acknowledged that an SMT system is highly unlikely to have a power domain around 
hardware thread. However, it is useful to use 0 to uniquely identify the level that aligns to an operating 
system’s view of a core. 
Together, both parameters allow indexing any individual node in the power node topology of the 
system. Power level values to be used for this function must be described alongside the power domain 
topology using firmware table approaches such as FDT or ACPI. More details can be found in section 
6.7. 
The calling OS must recognize that the returned value is a snapshot of the state of the node at a point 
in time and might therefore be stale by the time it is interpreted. In addition, the call can return the 
following errors: 
•  NOT_SUPPORTED, if not implemented. 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS, if the target_cpu and power_level values describe an invalid 
node. 
5.19.3 Implementation responsibilities 
This API must only be implemented if the supporting power control logic allows detection of the power 
state of nodes in the system. The values returned by this function must reflect the view of the power 
controlling logic. 
If successful, the values returned by NODE_HW_STATE are described below: 
•  HW_STANDBY(2), if the node is seen by the power control logic as being in a retention of 
standby state, as defined by the semantics described in Section 4.1.  
•  HW_OFF(1), if the node is seen by the power control logic as being in a powerdown state, as 
defined by the semantics described in Section 4.1.  
•  HW_ON(0), if the node is seen by the power control logic as being in a run state, as defined by 
the semantics described in Section 4.1.  
