5.1.10 SYSTEM_OFF2 
Description 
Introduced in PSCI 1.3.  
Optional. 
This function is used to implement suspend to disk, which is also known as 
hibernate. 
See 5.11 for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
•  0x8400 0015 SMC32 version 
•  0xC400 0015 SMC64 version 
This parameter is based on the bitmap returned by the 
features flag field of PSCI_FEATURES for 
SYSTEM_OFF2 function ID. See Table 11 for more details. 
This parameter is broken into the following fields: 
•  Bit[31]  
Reserved must be zero. 
•  Bits[30:0]  Hibernate type. Only one type can be  
selected. Possible values of this field are as  
follows: 
-  0x1 - HIBERNATE_OFF 
All other values, except 0x0, are reserved  
for future use. 
See section 5.16 for discovering the 
hibernate types supported. 
If the value of this parameter is 0x0, the implementation 
defaults to selecting HIBERNATE_OFF. 
This field is reserved for future use and must be set to 
zero.  
uint32 type 
SMC32 uint32 
SMC64 uint64 
cookie 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
SMC32 int32 
SMC64 int64 
This call does not return when successful. 
The following values can be returned on failure: 
•  NOT_SUPPORTED 
• 
INVALID_PARAMETERS 
See section 5.2.2 for integer values associated with each 
return code. 
Note:   PSCIv1.3 Issue F allowed the implementation to return INVALID_PARAMETERS when 
SYSTEM_OFF2 was called with the type parameter set to 0x0. This was fixed in PSCIv1.3 
Issue F.b, where a value of 0x0 for the type parameter indicates the default HIBERNATE_OFF. 
Issue F.b supersedes Issue F. 
It is possible that implementations released prior to the publication of PSCIv1.3 Issue F.b 
return INVALID_PARAMETERS when SYSTEM_OFF2 is called with the type parameter set to 
0x0. However, this behavior is discouraged, and implementations are strongly recommended to 
comply with SYSTEM_OFF2 as specified in PSCIv1.3 Issue F.b or later.

5.11  SYSTEM_OFF2 

5.11.1 Intended use 
This function provides a method to implement hibernate or suspend-to-disk, as described by the S4 
state in the ACPI specification [6].  Note that this specification is using the state definitions of S4 
provided by ACPI but does not limit use of this PSCI function to ACPI-based systems. 
The following start is a cold reboot from the point of view of the caller. If the system provides an FACS 
ACPI table, then the Hardware Signature field in the table can be used to determine whether to restore 
the saved system context or to perform a clean reboot as described in the ACPI specification [6]. 
As detailed in section 4.4, the command applies to the machine view of the calling OS. The calls cannot 
originate from the Secure Security state. 
While suspend to disk might be considered a special case of SYSTEM_OFF, using SYSTEM_OFF in 
some cases can lead to undesired behavior. For example, when virtualization is enabled, the hypervisor 
management stack should not modify memory layout or virtual device properties if the virtual machine is 
in hibernated state. Physical machines may need to provide visible feedback about the hibernated state 
to users, such as a differently coloured LED. Meeting these requirements necessitates a dedicated 
interface for suspend to disk to pass a hibernate hint to the implementation. 
Calling SYSTEM_OFF2 carries with it several pre-conditions, including those which require that all 
devices in the system are quiesced, and the caller state is saved into non-volatile storage before 
invoking this function. The complete list of those preconditions is beyond the scope of this specification 
and are therefore not described here. The SYSTEM_OFF2 function limits itself to providing the 
mechanism by which the calling OS can request entry into hibernate, having met all the necessary 
preconditions. 
5.11.2 Caller responsibilities 
The calling OS uses the PSCI_FEATURES API, with the SYSTEM_OFF2 function ID, to discover whether 
the function is present:  
• 
• 
If the function is implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns the hibernate types supported. 
If the function is not implemented, PSCI_FEATURES returns NOT_SUPPORTED. 
See also section 5.1.15. Furthermore, if the function is not implemented, a call to SYSTEM_OFF2 returns 
NOT_SUPPORTED. 
The caller must perform any operations necessary for hibernate or suspend to disk entry. This includes, 
but is not limited, to ensuring that: 
•  Non-calling cores are in a known state, and that all devices have been quiesced. 
•  Caller specific state and data has been saved to non-volatile storage, so that the caller can 
restore its state on the subsequent reboot post exit from hibernate. 
One way in which cores can be placed into a known state is to use calls to CPU_OFF on all online cores 
except for the last one, which instead uses SYSTEM_OFF2.  
It is recommended not to use hibernate if a firmware update is pending, since successful hibernation is 
not guaranteed in such a scenario. 
5.11.3 Implementation responsibilities 
The implementation: 
•  Must support SYSTEM_OFF2 calls from every core in the system. 
•  Must save any necessary state and data in non-volatile storage to maintain the same base 
hardware configuration of the system for the subsequent reboot. This implies maintaining the same 
memory layout, static device properties, and OS visible firmware interfaces for the subsequent 
reboot post exit from hibernate. 
•  Powers off the system from the point of view of the caller such that the following start is a cold boot. 
•  Returns INVALID_PARAMETERS if any of the input parameters are invalid. 
