5.1.9  SYSTEM_OFF 
Description 
Shut down the system.  See section 5.10  for more details. 
Parameters 
Declaration 
Value 
uint32 Function ID  
0x8400 0008 
Return 
Declaration 
Value 
void  
Does not return

5.10  SYSTEM_OFF 

5.10.1 Intended use 
SYSTEM_OFF provides a system shutdown API.  
As detailed in section 4.4, the shutdown command applies to the machine view of the calling OS.  
The caller must place all cores in a known state prior to the call. Like all other APIs presented here, the 
calls can only originate in the Normal world. On a SYSTEM_OFF call, the implementation completely 
removes power from highest power level. 
The following start must be a cold boot from the point of view of the caller. 
5.10.2 Implementation responsibilities 
•  The implementation must support SYSTEM_OFF calls from every core in the system. If a UP Trusted 
OS is present, and the call does not come from the core on which it is resident, then the 
implementation has two options: 
• 
If the Trusted OS requires it, provide an IMPLEMENTATION DEFINED mechanism to inform 
the Trusted OS of the impending shutdown. 
•  Use a Trusted OS that can cope with the shutdown. In mobile applications Trusted 
Operating Systems must be able to deal with a sudden loss of power. 
•  The implementation must ensure that any data it requires is saved to non-volatile storage. 
5.10.3 Caller responsibilities 
The caller must perform any necessary operations to ensure a clean shutdown in its OS: 
•  Ensure cores are in a known state and that any necessary data has been saved to non-volatile 
storage.  
• 
It is up to the calling supervisory software to store any information it requires on restart in 
storage that will survive the shutdown.  
One way in which cores can be placed into a known state is to use calls to CPU_OFF on all online cores 
except for the last one, which instead uses SYSTEM_OFF. If a UP Trusted OS is present, this method 
only works if the core that calls SYSTEM_OFF is the one where the Trusted OS is resident, as calls to 
CPU_OFF on this core return a DENIED error.  Any core can call SYSTEM_OFF.  
